user_comment
I LOVE THIS GAME, IT'S REALLY SWEET AND I LOVE FOXES &lt;333
Solid core game play, very relaxing, nice soundtrack.
Super-responsive developer, active Discord.
Played this instead of Rainbow Six after work the past few days to unwind after work.
The talent tree rivals some high quality RPGs in terms of options to tweak game-play.
Looking forward to seeing more expansion on the core ideas as it progresses through EA.Keep up the great work, DuoBonza!
Quite enjoyable.It's not bad.
Very good game :)))
Nice game Ez to get all achievements (100%)
Californium is a part of the walking simulator genre.
The only difference between "Dear Esther"'s gameplay and Californium's gameplay are the puzzles which are "search and click"-alike.The graphics are simple but the developers used their possibilities nicely to create 4 unique worlds with different looks and different feelings in graphics, music, sounds, story and characters.
The characters are plain but not because the devs weren't able to create 3D models but there is a little story twist in it.
A story twist which is also hard to understand if you never heard of Philip K. Dİck and his novels (in this case "Man in the High Castle").
Speaking of Phil K. Dİck: Many players won't understand many hints and plot parts if they never heard of this author, his stories and his life.
Only the last chapter will give some hints and explenations.
But many things will keep being a riddle for players who don't know anything about Phil.
But nonetheless this game got a unique atmosphere and is also a nice play for any players who aren't interested so much in reading 60's sci-fi stories by californian novel authors but in dystopian scifi in general :)
The game is good but they are very complex and need to map the bottom of the screen so I hope to add this observation
Must deliver pizza at all costs!
Crazy Taxi meets Rampage.
Lots of good humour, even if it is a little CHEESY ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
50 cents.. well spent!
music gets old after a while but great game 4 the money!
Nostalgic and fun game
Can't express how addicted I am and how much I love this game.
Tons of fun for "The Don".
Just buy it and play it.
Sling those rocks!!
You know you want to!!
Just a weird, fun little game about trying to catch your hat
funny
I mean, its a Kemco game, so expect a typical, okay story that you breeze through with a cast of main character, female, second usually way younger or way older female, and male/animal.
It's a fun game to play through in the sense that you can screw over the balance.
Don't waste playing on hard, it's harder and makes it a longer game, but it just makes the playthrough slower.
Kemco usually adds one unique idea to use in each game.
This one uses the "transform" mechanic, were during a battle you can change your characters role to unlock special skills.
It's a fun RPG if you like Kemco rpgs (part of the fun is just screwing up game balance and reading a cringey story at least for me).
so far it's alot of fun though it's tough to play by yourself so much easier with friends as one needs to steer have maybe one cooking and building and one smelting and starting engines etc and dropping anchor
Excellent 2D Golf, with optimized graphics, a game in which you can go not for a long time to kill time, and with benefit, because the game has puzzles.
I bought the game at a discount, I think that it is definitely worth the money
It's so bad, it's good okay.
I have this.. Hey guys your video intro is WRONG.. how are we supposed to believe any opf the events in this when you start out with a glaring mistake, watch this video again, 1916 is NOT world war II..  Game is ok, clunky, and not a lot to do.. exploring is limited..  overall, nice models and effects..
after play this game, i learning lot of things.
Nice Game
I kind of love this game but can't really articulate why.Maybe it's the writing.
Or the theme, the idea of this posse of girls causing and skirting trouble in the 1920s.
It calls me back to reading about Encyclopedia Brown and Sally Kimball when I was a kid -- it's got that sorta feel to it, but you know, as a game.
Well, as a boardgame, with tokens in room locations to indicate encounters.
You basically play one of five mini-games to promote your agenda -- they tend to be luck-based but most of them have some small bit of skill involved.
Lots of tongue-in-cheek humor.
I mean, you recruit other girls to join your gang (complete with a "queen"), and then, each girl can have a boy in tow to use as an expendable tool, if need be.
You're trying to get things done, while constrained by these 1920 gender roles, heh.Oh, to note: It's older, so the window/resolution is low and you have to edge scroll.
That's the one con.
While it may not be the most action-packed or fun-based game, it's still a good game because of the simple objective you have to do.
You have to avoid falling obstacles while not falling to your death.
It comes a challenge.
Flamebound is an very funny game!I really love the Artstyle and the game itselfe too!
Welcome to the readers of my review of this game.
If you're reading this, it means 1.
You are definitely interested in the game, 2. you have nothing to do but read reviews, 3. you Want to make sure that the game suits you!
Well, let's start perhaps, the game attracts with its long (endless) plot, you can play this game-even for an eternity!
I assure you, it is true.
But I can say the game is not suitable for everyone, because this genre is for mentally capable individuals.
I think I explained it clearly.
big dinosaur goes down
Godly Corp is game for players who like challenges.
Each level is different, some focus on agility, others on precision, and all require multitasking.
And we are under time pressure all the time!
Each level guarantees that you will spend a few tries over it before you figure it out and pass it.
Personally, I did not manage to pass any level the first time and sometimes I wanted to leave the game because of the frustration, but I kept telling myself that it was already close.The game is also full of humor, whether during the game, but also after losing, which makes the time spent with the game more pleasant and encourages further attempts and passing the next levels.If you think you are agile and multitasking, believe me, you are wrong.
At least not as much as you think.
A game worth recommending.
Great Tits that I can nod my head to 10/10(you'll get the joke if you play this)
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢁⠈⢻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⡀⠭⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣿⣷⣶⣶⡆⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⣼⣿⣿⠿⠶⠙⣿⡟⠡⣴⣿⣽⣿⣧⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣾⣿⣿⣟⣭⣾⣿⣷⣶⣶⣴⣶⣿⣿⢄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣩⣿⣿⣿⡏⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣹⡋⠘⠷⣦⣀⣠⡶⠁⠈⠁⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣍⠃⣴⣶⡔⠒⠄⣠⢀⠄⠄⠄⡨⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡘⠿⣷⣿⠿⠟⠃⠄⠄⣠⡇⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠋⢁⣷⣠⠄⠄⠄⠄⣀⣠⣾⡟⠄⠄⠄⠄⠉⠙⠻⡿⠟⠋⠁⠄⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⡯⢓⣴⣾⣿⣿⡟⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⡟⣷⠄⠹⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
1.
是个相当不错的体验，当性感美女面对面站在你眼前舞动身躯的时候，我已经不在意游戏的玩法了， 前后左右欣赏就好了（哈哈~）。2.
游戏上手有点难，需要手的位置处在正确的虚拟位置，然后按照提示（缩圈到最小时）点击或拉动触点。刚开始总是掌握不好合适的时机和位置，多玩几盘后慢慢找到了感觉，可以一边欣赏美女，一边听着音乐玩游戏了。3.
画面有点发白，感觉像是烟尘效果，这点貌似是为了让CLUB的感觉更真实吧，毕竟大多数的夜场进去后都是这样“乌烟瘴气“的感觉。4.
希望后期添加美女的服装能够更性感一些，毕竟这款游戏大部分都应该是男性玩家5.
目前是体验版，希望游戏能够改进的更好6.
OCULUS 的体验要比HTC vive要好，更清晰，手柄更方便1.
It's a pretty good experience.
When the sexy beauty stands face-to-face and dances in front of you, I don’t care about the gameplay.
Just enjoy it.2.
The game is a bit difficult to use.
You need to position the hand in the correct virtual position, and then click or pull the contact as prompted (when the loop is minimized).
At first, I always mastered the right timing and position.
After playing a few more games, I gradually found a feeling that I could enjoy watching beautiful music and playing games while listening to music.3.
The picture is a little whitish and it feels like a smoke effect.
This looks like a clue to make CLUB feel more authentic.
After all, most of the night scenes are so "smooth".4.
I hope that the addition of beautiful women's clothing later can be more sexy, after all, most of this game should be a male player5.
Currently is a trial version, I hope the game can improve better6.
OCULUS experience is better than HTC vive, clearer, more convenient handle
Love how creative this game is - feels like being the captain of a ship while manning the cannons and frantically looking around to be aware of your surroundings and collect all the powerups.
Lots of fun in VR!
At first i wasnt sure what to think of the game, there wasnt a lot of things to do besides shooting enemies and dying over and over again..
BUT the more i played it the more i enjoyed it, i unlocked things and more things started happening the more you play.
It also uses an intereseting mechanic; you have to choose if you make the enemies stronger, faster or tougher after each round.
Theres a lot of unlockables and besides that the game is very cheap.
Even if you doubt your still supporting an amazing developer.
This also is a very low end game and a great time killer and a good game overall.
I really enjoy this game.
I've played through about half of the maps and feel like the developers nailed the basic game mechanics.It's similar to Overcooked and other timed puzzle games like that, but without as many complex variations.Pros:- Graphics: Nicely done in a blocky style with pleasant colors.- Multiplayer: Up to 4 players including local co-op now- Levels: Tons of maps with different layouts- Sounds: They're cute (my toddler loves honking the horns)- Difficulty: 5 levels to adjust for different players' skill levels- Settings: It's easy to adjust the music and SFX levels.
This makes it easier to hear your friends on discord if you're playing online and allows you to add your own music if you want (see below).- Simplicity: What you see is what you get - there are no confusing and outlandish changes on harder levels like in Overcooked (like giant pits to fall into).Cons:- Simplicity: What you see is what you get.
Unlike Overcooked, there are no new challenges with the harder maps.
If you want tons of variation, it's not there - just different warehouse layouts and difficulty levels.- Polish: There are a few rough edges.
Nothing game breaking, but I always have to force quit the game when I'm done playing as one example.- Music: There's exactly one music track.
It gets old if you play the game a lot.
(I've heard some people mute the music and play music from another device to solve this.
)I haven't played the original Storage Inc, but I'd definitely recommend this one.
If the trailer video looks interesting, you'll probably enjoy it.
yeah ive been playing for only a bit and i will continue playing this but i do have to say that a lot of the projectiles do blend in with the backround  and it is a bit annoying but the game is very good not gonna lie.
Also keep in mind to make a settings in the game because the audio is very loud and i mostly play this while talking with friends and such.
I've had so much fun with this game!
I love how much replay value it has with all the different endings, and how many things hinge on a small decision.
From different endings to simple aesthetics, this game is worth going through several times over.
It's pretty short once you know where everything is, but that just makes going through and experimenting with different combinations easier.
Would definitely recommend.
The game is fairly short, early levels are not too hard with the tough ones near the end.
The core of the game revolves around minimizing the number of moves needed to complete a level.
New puzzle mechanics are demonstrated well as they are introduced.
The music can get a little old after playing several levels, but that’s not a big problem.Overall a good casual puzzle game.
The sheer threat that the presence of King Croc imposes, can easily shake even the most experienced horror game enjoyer to his/her core.
On top of this amazing atmosphere, the combat also rivals the likes of Bloodborne, Mortal Combat and even Chess.
All of this taken into consideration, and even dismissing some of the aspects of this game since there are so many, I find Wild Animal Sports day to be one of the best experiences steam has to offer, and it an understatement to call it a worthy successor to Wild Animal Racing.
with some music and achievements this could be fun.i dident hate the game but im not gonna down rate it.
Kinda a mixture of backgammon, chequers and snakes &amp; ladders.
Interesting to think that I'm playing the oldest board game known to man.
Great bargain in the sale at only 0.41p.
bit funny though
Great game with a very new design to puzzles.I really enjoy plaing it silently with my partner.
that adds a how new level to the game
Probably one of the strangest games I will ever play.
Dirt cheap on sale now so why not
moai v it is a fun game to play when you got anything to do
First off,This Review is coming from someone that has just started getting into to this genre of games.I would like to say I have fully played the game and have even gotten all the achievements.
When I saw it was free in the store I mostly got it because I was board.Though with that in mind I was not disappointed.
There were some things i did not like about it because some endings felt really similar, but others blew me away with how in depth they went.
I thoughly enjoyed this story and found it really interesting I can not wait to get the sequel and I hope it is just as good or hopefully better.
I felt the artstyle really worked for this game.
I would like to give this game a 9.5/10 rating because of the stuff mentioned here but don't go by my rating just try the game because its free to play.
Suzy Cube feels like:1.
A baby's first platformer;2.
Super Mario 3D World rip-off.The controls are very basic, though they are fine gameplay-wise and work properly.It's not bad, like Yooka-Laylee for example.
Actually, it's pretty good!Why do I compare this game to Super Mario 3D World?
Suzy Cube basically "borrowed" from it the level design, camera perspective, collectible placement, 3D-camera mini-games as well as some other stuff, like doing a 2D gameplay on a 3D level.But, Super Mario 3D World is a fantastic game.So of course, Suzy Cube is great too.Get it if:1.
You want a cheap 3D platformer;2.
You are new to this genre;3.
You want to introduce someone (maybe your girlfriend or your kid?)
to 3D platformers.I recommend it, even though it feels a bit simplified and watered-down.
im laughing at all the people giving it negative reviews ranting "waste of money and time" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
its like 99 cent what the hell are you expecting here?
one negative review had 8.5 hours played but called the game a "money grab"... how is 8.5 hours for 99 cents a money grab?
its 99 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cents.i mean, sure, it could be free, but how are you going to blame them, i mean, its 99 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cents.
I grew up with Arkanoid (a.k.a.
"Ark-annoyance") and Breakout.
*gasp* Get off my lawn!
I'm old.Grey Cubes brings a lot of fun to the Breakout genre.
There's enough diversity in both the power-ups and level design to keep you coming back.I'm having a lot of fun with this one.
Simple but cute artstyle, along with nice music and backgroundoverall the gameplay is really fun even though its short
My eyes, owww owww owwwwwwwwww.....Damn jetpack cookie eating Horsey.Easy achievements though.&amp; cheap :P
Medieval space battle marines, you know you've always wanted it.
Decent game, love what you can do with the world.One hella f%*@king big issue though!
The controls are just extremely bad and lacking.
IIf the dev adds the option to let you do your own keybinding and most importantly add a function to redo last action it would be a great game
Beautiful game!
I loved the story, all the characters are memorable, there's lots of things to do...It's very well put together and is worth every cent &lt;3
The potential is there in this game but requires more work.
The dartboard itself isn't visibly great, could do with an option to zoom in.The setting when playing in  a club is great when practicing but it would of been good to  have a crowd when you play a match to add some atmosphere,I wouldn't reccommend at this moment in time but would recommend to keep an eye on development, because with more work this could be a real gem, therefore I've given a reccommend, just to check it out
My childhood, I love this game so much you don't understand
best game ever !!
ATTENTION DEVS!CAN YOU GIVE US THE OTHER PARTS I SEE LIKE:ORANGE WALLS, BAMBOO PLANTS, CYMBAL GONG, AND ETC.PLEASE AND THANK YOU FOR A REALLY GREAT GAME.FOR 10 BUCKS ITS WORTH IT...▀█▀ ███ █▀█ ▄█▀ ▀█▀ ▀▄▀
Cool
vanilla easily best girl
The story as a whole is lovely.Gameplay is relaxing, BGMs and tracks are good.Give it a try, if you find this game interesting.
REALLY GOOD but just a bit boring right now in this stage of development but so far its good
This game is absolutely fun!!
I love these puzzles.
Takes me back to memories of Super Mario World on SNES.
Jump and puzzle solve.
Very cool game for .69 cents on sale today.
I LIKE IT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvzzCc53KlA
I've already dumped over 90 hours into the 3DS version and consider it one of the best games available for it, so i grabbed the PC version as soon as i could.
The time i put into the PC version gave me no issues whatsoever.This is definitely a huge improvement over the first game and will be putting a lot of time into doing everything i can into this version (especially cause that bonus character), The soundtrack is also pretty high up there.I would definitely recommend this game to people.
scrolling though steam yesterday and the name Tentacult caught my eye, watched the trailer for it and just cracked up laughing.
best 99c iv ever spent on anything, the game is simple yet very addictive to play.
well worth the 99c i paid for this 10/10 would buy again
For the price I've paid, this is an entertaining short game that feels challenging but not too hard.
Feel-A-Maze is a puzzle game that focuses on your mouse movements, you must evade pretty much everything in your way and reach the exit.
Simple stuff, and no, this one doesn't have the Exorcist's girl at the end of the maze so don't worry :DIf you want an easy game to complete, while being fun throughout it's levels, grab this one.
Although I'd recommend picking it on a good sale, since you get about 1 hour of gameplay total.
It's a simple and short game, and that's what I liked the most about it, it doesn't last enough to get boring.
The music is enjoyable too, I've definitely heard worse music in these kind of games, in this case it was pretty cool.I paid 50 cents for this game, and while it looks like a mobile game and all, I still had fun with it.
Definitely buy it with a big price cut if you're a completionist looking for a fun game, but the amount of content does not justify this game to cost 5$.
5/10
Gives me PTSD flash back to working in a real kitchen.
Ill never play it again but if you like that sorfa thing.
very good game
Very good.
Very fun and challenging, right up my street.
Took me less than two hours to complete, but kept me wanting to keep playing throughout.
10/10.
Would definitely recommend for this price.
Well done, devs!
Charming.
Delightful.
I thoroughly enjoyed the journey!
having played this game for 5 minutes i have learned something very important i am really bad  at investment choices LMAO but aside from that the game is pretty standard act 1 has a 1 road route with no freedom i mean as the projects are always the same and the outcome for each one is the same do not get me wrong the dev has done a nice job and i do give serious credit for the time taken and it shows he had put a lot of thought into this and it is worth the cost for him to be able to bring out even better titles later as i see he is slowly getting his feet in the style he likes and it will becoming a great stage for him and for other titles
Great game and doable with each level.
Very informative on how to play the game too which is added bonus.
So addictive to play it
good mini games.
achievements help the game flow.
please add controlled support ?
If you like the following:-Mystery Science Theater 3000-Rifftrax-Cinematic Titanic-Jackbox Party games-Classic movies or Vintage TVYOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME.This game works just like Jackbox and it also works like MST3K.
It is set up like Jackbox but it is its own thing at PlayWTD.com It has Twitch integration and everything just like Jackbox.
Basically, you are given B movie or TV show clips from the really old days of movies or television (1930's through the 1970's)  These video clips are short with closed caption audio.
The video clips have dialogue followed by missing audio dialogue.
Your job is to make up the missing audio dialogue with your own caption.
after the caption is written and typed out on the website.
The clips are played back with your caption and read by text to speech robot voices.
You then vote for the best caption for that clip and then go on to the next round and do it again.
I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good party game.If you want gameplay footage, I submit to you My first gameplay from this stream highlight from YouTube.
(it is NSFW.
you have been warned!)
see for yourself..https://youtu.be/v0eRyuFRaQ8
 Target Audience:   Puzzle Fans that have to have it on Steam Summary:  This is a hard one for me to judge, mostly because of that price point that I'll get to.
Dokuro's puzzle gameplay does challenge the use and make them think, and it's a good breath of fresh air at the time to the puzzle genre.
It's got a good pace, and the presentation is eye-appealing with its chalk like style.
It's got little helping elements here and there like the skip option, and the story is cute in the right ways.
It has flaws on the PC platform, particularly with things like not having a restart right away button, but the graphics still work at higher resolutions and it can be overlooked in some aspects.
Here's the problem: I get that porting games to other platforms can be expensive, but when I compare the game to its IOS/Android counterpart, I have to question the decision to make the game $9.99, compared to around 2 bucks on IOS and Android: Where the controls are much more fitting for the game and what it's doing.
There are hiccups with the control scheme here as while it works, it does take getting used to, and it definitely was designed for the touch screen of the Playstation Vita in mind.
I'm recommending it as a game, but I have to say that I don't recommend the PC version, but the Android/IOS version.
That makes this review and a binary Recommended weird, but I'm hoping you actually read the review before you made that decision.
Gameplay Footage and Video Review: http://youtu.be/vd8ARfUT_l4/b]  Lists: Positives: Puzzling is challenging in the right ways.
Forces critical thinking.
Good pace for the puzzles, doesn't reuse content  Do like the skips option for those puzzles that you just can't seem to get over.
Cutscenes do a good job of saying a lot with a little.
Presentation with the chalk style is eye catching and gives the game a unique look.Negatives: Needed a Restart right away button for a game like this on the PC.
Going through the menu to restart became a chore.
No rebindable keys, which does become an issue with those who are lefties with a mouse, as the keys used don't always make a lot of sense given that.
It's clear that the game was designed with more iOS and Android in mind.
While the game's controls are competent enough, the fact is that the game is more suited to a touch screen more then anything.
Bosses could have had a little more oompf to them.
If you want more reviews/information regarding games I've reviewed, visit my curator.
Dragnix Curator 
Now I know sniper is not alone on field
The developer of this game really knows what his fans want.
On Friday, I had burned my hand with flaming oil and stayed eight straight hours in a neglectful "healthcare" facility that took eight hours to bandage my recently singed flesh.
This left me with very limited use of my left hand, thus rendering me unable to play most games as they tend to require two hands.
This hero of a developer kept his clientele in mind, and made it so this game could easily be played with one hand.
I can tell just by that design choice that this is an upstanding Christian man who had developed a wholesome Christian game.
Obviously this game was designed for people with limited mobility such as myself, as I cannot think of any other reason why this game should be played with one hand.
These design choices lead me to believe that there is still hope left for humanity, 10/10.
Bought this for sh*t and giggles + easy achievements.
I've had this a while and keep coming back to it.
The game is high quality all over.
I love the physics of the game and the graphics and atmosphere are top notch.
I almost enter a meditative state when playing it sometimes.
A real high quality marble madness type game.
The best of its kind on Steam in my opinion.
hard
super nice love story.
I realy like it!
Im superduper in love KISS KISS &lt;3 =) you must buy this h3h3 =D
Nice little puzzler, a good way to spend a little time relaxing.
Very fun game as a cat and video game lover i had to play.
its soooooo fun i love at night when you have to find and help the kittens and in the day i love hanging out with konrad.
10 out of 10.
If you have a vr headset and love cats buy this NOW!
verdict: recommended for a small yet fun trip down memory lane of old school dungeon crawling.
Just know what you are getting into.I picked this up on a sale and would recommend you do the same.
I'd say you can have a good 10 hours of fun with this before it gets stale (ignore my 'played' duration: I do AFK a lot).positive+ It's a fun trip down the memory lane of old school dungeon crawlers+ You pick 4 heroes from up to 5 classes that all play sufficiently different.
Each class in turn has 2 specializations which are minor alteration to the playstyle.
But the important aspect is that everyone needs to work together as a team.+ 3-4 different unique campaigns (dungeons) that you can visit with your posse.
Actually there's 6 campaigns, but some are just reused assets // endless modes.+ convenient auto loot feature at the end of a battle where you get to decide which type (armor, potions, etc.)
goes into which bag and what automatically gets sold+ It's easy to pick up and learn.
It's turn based and single player so convenient for short gaming bursts or pausing and returning later.
Discovering how the game and dungeons work was actually large part of the fun with this game.negative+ Being a port from a browser game it's not well optimized at all, some animations cause the significant stutters (frame rate drops) whenever they happen.
The game however isn't loaded with effects so it'll be more of a minor nuisance.+ AI isn't particularly clever.
Which attacks happen and on whom seem to be influenced by and at large by random chance.+ It's not very deep mechanically, but also doesn't pretend to be.+ I played on normal difficulty and was showered with loot.
Not even once was I short on money, restoration items or anything really.
This is *insanely* addictive and actually significantly more challenging than I expected - totally love it!
Looks simple but definitely requires some skill and strategy (level 7 very tricky) so reckon its a game all the family can play.
In our house, we were fighting over it (ages 8-44)!
Definitely recommend.
A classic PopCap game.
Without a doubt it's that good even for replay value.
I would recommend it to beginners and to the people who played it, again!
Reminds me of my favorite prehistoric "Comanche" helicopter simulation that I played it with the Floppy Discs.This time, I can choose my favorite Russian Combat Helicopters the flying tanks!
I am going to soak this one up slowly.
Its amazing, its basically Unreal, duke3d and doom.
did not expect this to hit me like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sack of bricks but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is probably in my top 5 of all time, it's a story I needed to read.
i was kin assigned venus and i didnt understand what the ♥♥♥♥ it meant but now i do and im crying in the club yall
Major Mayhem is a simple but nonetheless entertaining casual shooter.
The intricate pretext: The world is in total mayhem and they got your girl.
This sidesrolling railshooter combines simplistic gameplay with some weapon progression and tongue in cheek character customization.
Lots of references and recognizable outfits, a fun setting and a clean style.Obivously this was made for mobile devices so it has some of those made for touchscreen elements like the huge onscreen pause button.
When advancing in level your character can spin the reward wheel and unlocks gear and stuff in the armory.
Some of these have certain level requirements so it keeps you going til u get that new shotgun or whatever.Absolute no brainer, cute style and low price... count me in!
This game is fun and enjoyable with your friends
If you loved the Saw movies then you will love this puzzle solving FMV movie.
I got this on discount and it's worth the full price.
Highly recommended if you love FMV adult themed stories with puzzles.
Please make more.
Full English subtitles and all in game puzzles have English subs and info, in case you were put off.
I bought this game 75% off and to be honest, it was money well spent.
The game is a difficult and minimalistic platformer with no storyline or impressive soundtrack.
By far there were only two things that made me go mad: The jumping sound and several evil traps.
The game is rather short, but it looks like it could recieve a potential sequel with more content due to a larger budget.
wqa
baby1 sound at lowest pitch, circling slowly around your head.This is the sound of nightmares.10/10 never slept better.
The second of the series and it is fun, I'd say a little better as there seems to be more flushed out.
Great to come back to as it is in real time so you can just check back every now and then.
A Great game for killl/passing time.
a fun idle clicker with lots of potential
Let's all be weeblets together you &amp; I.
feels like a faithful reimagination of older cod zombies
Nice!
This will be awesome at Xmas parties!
very good game.
kept me entertained for years
Best Game I Have Ever Played For Real Exept Skyrim &amp; CS:GO They Are Much Better...
But Still Great Game!
!
