user_comment
I LOVE THIS GAME, IT'S REALLY SWEET AND I LOVE FOXES &lt;333
Solid core game play, very relaxing, nice soundtrack. Super-responsive developer, active Discord. Played this instead of Rainbow Six after work the past few days to unwind after work. The talent tree rivals some high quality RPGs in terms of options to tweak game-play. Looking forward to seeing more expansion on the core ideas as it progresses through EA.Keep up the great work, DuoBonza!
Quite enjoyable.It's not bad.
Very good game :)))
Nice game Ez to get all achievements (100%)
Californium is a part of the walking simulator genre. The only difference between "Dear Esther"'s gameplay and Californium's gameplay are the puzzles which are "search and click"-alike.The graphics are simple but the developers used their possibilities nicely to create 4 unique worlds with different looks and different feelings in graphics, music, sounds, story and characters. The characters are plain but not because the devs weren't able to create 3D models but there is a little story twist in it. A story twist which is also hard to understand if you never heard of Philip K. Dİck and his novels (in this case "Man in the High Castle"). Speaking of Phil K. Dİck: Many players won't understand many hints and plot parts if they never heard of this author, his stories and his life. Only the last chapter will give some hints and explenations. But many things will keep being a riddle for players who don't know anything about Phil. But nonetheless this game got a unique atmosphere and is also a nice play for any players who aren't interested so much in reading 60's sci-fi stories by californian novel authors but in dystopian scifi in general :)
The game is good but they are very complex and need to map the bottom of the screen so I hope to add this observation
Must deliver pizza at all costs! Crazy Taxi meets Rampage. Lots of good humour, even if it is a little CHEESY ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
50 cents.. well spent! music gets old after a while but great game 4 the money!
Nostalgic and fun game
Can't express how addicted I am and how much I love this game.  Tons of fun for "The Don".  Just buy it and play it.  Sling those rocks!!  You know you want to!!
Just a weird, fun little game about trying to catch your hat
funny
I mean, its a Kemco game, so expect a typical, okay story that you breeze through with a cast of main character, female, second usually way younger or way older female, and male/animal. It's a fun game to play through in the sense that you can screw over the balance. Don't waste playing on hard, it's harder and makes it a longer game, but it just makes the playthrough slower. Kemco usually adds one unique idea to use in each game. This one uses the "transform" mechanic, were during a battle you can change your characters role to unlock special skills. It's a fun RPG if you like Kemco rpgs (part of the fun is just screwing up game balance and reading a cringey story at least for me).
so far it's alot of fun though it's tough to play by yourself so much easier with friends as one needs to steer have maybe one cooking and building and one smelting and starting engines etc and dropping anchor
Excellent 2D Golf, with optimized graphics, a game in which you can go not for a long time to kill time, and with benefit, because the game has puzzles. I bought the game at a discount, I think that it is definitely worth the money
It's so bad, it's good okay.
I have this.. Hey guys your video intro is WRONG.. how are we supposed to believe any opf the events in this when you start out with a glaring mistake, watch this video again, 1916 is NOT world war II..  Game is ok, clunky, and not a lot to do.. exploring is limited..  overall, nice models and effects..
after play this game, i learning lot of things. Nice Game
I kind of love this game but can't really articulate why.Maybe it's the writing. Or the theme, the idea of this posse of girls causing and skirting trouble in the 1920s. It calls me back to reading about Encyclopedia Brown and Sally Kimball when I was a kid -- it's got that sorta feel to it, but you know, as a game. Well, as a boardgame, with tokens in room locations to indicate encounters. You basically play one of five mini-games to promote your agenda -- they tend to be luck-based but most of them have some small bit of skill involved. Lots of tongue-in-cheek humor. I mean, you recruit other girls to join your gang (complete with a "queen"), and then, each girl can have a boy in tow to use as an expendable tool, if need be. You're trying to get things done, while constrained by these 1920 gender roles, heh.Oh, to note: It's older, so the window/resolution is low and you have to edge scroll. That's the one con.
While it may not be the most action-packed or fun-based game, it's still a good game because of the simple objective you have to do. You have to avoid falling obstacles while not falling to your death. It comes a challenge.
Flamebound is an very funny game!I really love the Artstyle and the game itselfe too!
Welcome to the readers of my review of this game. If you're reading this, it means 1. You are definitely interested in the game, 2. you have nothing to do but read reviews, 3. you Want to make sure that the game suits you! Well, let's start perhaps, the game attracts with its long (endless) plot, you can play this game-even for an eternity! I assure you, it is true. But I can say the game is not suitable for everyone, because this genre is for mentally capable individuals. I think I explained it clearly.
big dinosaur goes down
Godly Corp is game for players who like challenges. Each level is different, some focus on agility, others on precision, and all require multitasking.  And we are under time pressure all the time! Each level guarantees that you will spend a few tries over it before you figure it out and pass it. Personally, I did not manage to pass any level the first time and sometimes I wanted to leave the game because of the frustration, but I kept telling myself that it was already close.The game is also full of humor, whether during the game, but also after losing, which makes the time spent with the game more pleasant and encourages further attempts and passing the next levels.If you think you are agile and multitasking, believe me, you are wrong. At least not as much as you think. A game worth recommending.
Great Tits that I can nod my head to 10/10(you'll get the joke if you play this)
⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟⠋⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⢁⠈⢻⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠃⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠈⡀⠭⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⠄⢀⣾⣿⣿⣿⣷⣶⣿⣷⣶⣶⡆⠄⠄⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡇⢀⣼⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣇⣼⣿⣿⠿⠶⠙⣿⡟⠡⣴⣿⣽⣿⣧⠄⢸⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣾⣿⣿⣟⣭⣾⣿⣷⣶⣶⣴⣶⣿⣿⢄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟⣩⣿⣿⣿⡏⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣹⡋⠘⠷⣦⣀⣠⡶⠁⠈⠁⠄⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣍⠃⣴⣶⡔⠒⠄⣠⢀⠄⠄⠄⡨⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣦⡘⠿⣷⣿⠿⠟⠃⠄⠄⣠⡇⠈⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠟⠋⢁⣷⣠⠄⠄⠄⠄⣀⣠⣾⡟⠄⠄⠄⠄⠉⠙⠻⡿⠟⠋⠁⠄⠄⠄⢸⣿⣿⡯⢓⣴⣾⣿⣿⡟⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⣿⡟⣷⠄⠹⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄⠄
1. 是个相当不错的体验，当性感美女面对面站在你眼前舞动身躯的时候，我已经不在意游戏的玩法了， 前后左右欣赏就好了（哈哈~）。2. 游戏上手有点难，需要手的位置处在正确的虚拟位置，然后按照提示（缩圈到最小时）点击或拉动触点。刚开始总是掌握不好合适的时机和位置，多玩几盘后慢慢找到了感觉，可以一边欣赏美女，一边听着音乐玩游戏了。3. 画面有点发白，感觉像是烟尘效果，这点貌似是为了让CLUB的感觉更真实吧，毕竟大多数的夜场进去后都是这样“乌烟瘴气“的感觉。4. 希望后期添加美女的服装能够更性感一些，毕竟这款游戏大部分都应该是男性玩家5. 目前是体验版，希望游戏能够改进的更好6. OCULUS 的体验要比HTC vive要好，更清晰，手柄更方便1. It's a pretty good experience. When the sexy beauty stands face-to-face and dances in front of you, I don’t care about the gameplay. Just enjoy it.2. The game is a bit difficult to use. You need to position the hand in the correct virtual position, and then click or pull the contact as prompted (when the loop is minimized). At first, I always mastered the right timing and position. After playing a few more games, I gradually found a feeling that I could enjoy watching beautiful music and playing games while listening to music.3. The picture is a little whitish and it feels like a smoke effect. This looks like a clue to make CLUB feel more authentic. After all, most of the night scenes are so "smooth".4. I hope that the addition of beautiful women's clothing later can be more sexy, after all, most of this game should be a male player5. Currently is a trial version, I hope the game can improve better6. OCULUS experience is better than HTC vive, clearer, more convenient handle
Love how creative this game is - feels like being the captain of a ship while manning the cannons and frantically looking around to be aware of your surroundings and collect all the powerups. Lots of fun in VR!
At first i wasnt sure what to think of the game, there wasnt a lot of things to do besides shooting enemies and dying over and over again.. BUT the more i played it the more i enjoyed it, i unlocked things and more things started happening the more you play. It also uses an intereseting mechanic; you have to choose if you make the enemies stronger, faster or tougher after each round. Theres a lot of unlockables and besides that the game is very cheap. Even if you doubt your still supporting an amazing developer. This also is a very low end game and a great time killer and a good game overall.
I really enjoy this game. I've played through about half of the maps and feel like the developers nailed the basic game mechanics.It's similar to Overcooked and other timed puzzle games like that, but without as many complex variations.Pros:- Graphics: Nicely done in a blocky style with pleasant colors.- Multiplayer: Up to 4 players including local co-op now- Levels: Tons of maps with different layouts- Sounds: They're cute (my toddler loves honking the horns)- Difficulty: 5 levels to adjust for different players' skill levels- Settings: It's easy to adjust the music and SFX levels. This makes it easier to hear your friends on discord if you're playing online and allows you to add your own music if you want (see below).- Simplicity: What you see is what you get - there are no confusing and outlandish changes on harder levels like in Overcooked (like giant pits to fall into).Cons:- Simplicity: What you see is what you get. Unlike Overcooked, there are no new challenges with the harder maps. If you want tons of variation, it's not there - just different warehouse layouts and difficulty levels.- Polish: There are a few rough edges. Nothing game breaking, but I always have to force quit the game when I'm done playing as one example.- Music: There's exactly one music track. It gets old if you play the game a lot. (I've heard some people mute the music and play music from another device to solve this.)I haven't played the original Storage Inc, but I'd definitely recommend this one. If the trailer video looks interesting, you'll probably enjoy it.
yeah ive been playing for only a bit and i will continue playing this but i do have to say that a lot of the projectiles do blend in with the backround  and it is a bit annoying but the game is very good not gonna lie. Also keep in mind to make a settings in the game because the audio is very loud and i mostly play this while talking with friends and such.
I've had so much fun with this game! I love how much replay value it has with all the different endings, and how many things hinge on a small decision. From different endings to simple aesthetics, this game is worth going through several times over. It's pretty short once you know where everything is, but that just makes going through and experimenting with different combinations easier. Would definitely recommend.
The game is fairly short, early levels are not too hard with the tough ones near the end. The core of the game revolves around minimizing the number of moves needed to complete a level. New puzzle mechanics are demonstrated well as they are introduced. The music can get a little old after playing several levels, but that’s not a big problem.Overall a good casual puzzle game.
The sheer threat that the presence of King Croc imposes, can easily shake even the most experienced horror game enjoyer to his/her core. On top of this amazing atmosphere, the combat also rivals the likes of Bloodborne, Mortal Combat and even Chess. All of this taken into consideration, and even dismissing some of the aspects of this game since there are so many, I find Wild Animal Sports day to be one of the best experiences steam has to offer, and it an understatement to call it a worthy successor to Wild Animal Racing.
with some music and achievements this could be fun.i dident hate the game but im not gonna down rate it.
Kinda a mixture of backgammon, chequers and snakes &amp; ladders.  Interesting to think that I'm playing the oldest board game known to man.  Great bargain in the sale at only 0.41p.
bit funny though
Great game with a very new design to puzzles.I really enjoy plaing it silently with my partner. that adds a how new level to the game
Probably one of the strangest games I will ever play. Dirt cheap on sale now so why not
moai v it is a fun game to play when you got anything to do
First off,This Review is coming from someone that has just started getting into to this genre of games.I would like to say I have fully played the game and have even gotten all the achievements. When I saw it was free in the store I mostly got it because I was board.Though with that in mind I was not disappointed. There were some things i did not like about it because some endings felt really similar, but others blew me away with how in depth they went. I thoughly enjoyed this story and found it really interesting I can not wait to get the sequel and I hope it is just as good or hopefully better. I felt the artstyle really worked for this game. I would like to give this game a 9.5/10 rating because of the stuff mentioned here but don't go by my rating just try the game because its free to play.
Suzy Cube feels like:1. A baby's first platformer;2. Super Mario 3D World rip-off.The controls are very basic, though they are fine gameplay-wise and work properly.It's not bad, like Yooka-Laylee for example. Actually, it's pretty good!Why do I compare this game to Super Mario 3D World? Suzy Cube basically "borrowed" from it the level design, camera perspective, collectible placement, 3D-camera mini-games as well as some other stuff, like doing a 2D gameplay on a 3D level.But, Super Mario 3D World is a fantastic game.So of course, Suzy Cube is great too.Get it if:1. You want a cheap 3D platformer;2. You are new to this genre;3. You want to introduce someone (maybe your girlfriend or your kid?) to 3D platformers.I recommend it, even though it feels a bit simplified and watered-down.
im laughing at all the people giving it negative reviews ranting "waste of money and time" ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. its like 99 cent what the hell are you expecting here? one negative review had 8.5 hours played but called the game a "money grab"... how is 8.5 hours for 99 cents a money grab? its 99 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cents.i mean, sure, it could be free, but how are you going to blame them, i mean, its 99 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cents. 
I grew up with Arkanoid (a.k.a. "Ark-annoyance") and Breakout. *gasp* Get off my lawn! I'm old.Grey Cubes brings a lot of fun to the Breakout genre. There's enough diversity in both the power-ups and level design to keep you coming back.I'm having a lot of fun with this one.
Simple but cute artstyle, along with nice music and backgroundoverall the gameplay is really fun even though its short
My eyes, owww owww owwwwwwwwww.....Damn jetpack cookie eating Horsey.Easy achievements though.&amp; cheap :P
Medieval space battle marines, you know you've always wanted it.
Decent game, love what you can do with the world.One hella f%*@king big issue though! The controls are just extremely bad and lacking. IIf the dev adds the option to let you do your own keybinding and most importantly add a function to redo last action it would be a great game
Beautiful game! I loved the story, all the characters are memorable, there's lots of things to do...It's very well put together and is worth every cent &lt;3
The potential is there in this game but requires more work. The dartboard itself isn't visibly great, could do with an option to zoom in.The setting when playing in  a club is great when practicing but it would of been good to  have a crowd when you play a match to add some atmosphere,I wouldn't reccommend at this moment in time but would recommend to keep an eye on development, because with more work this could be a real gem, therefore I've given a reccommend, just to check it out
My childhood, I love this game so much you don't understand
best game ever !!
ATTENTION DEVS!CAN YOU GIVE US THE OTHER PARTS I SEE LIKE:ORANGE WALLS, BAMBOO PLANTS, CYMBAL GONG, AND ETC.PLEASE AND THANK YOU FOR A REALLY GREAT GAME.FOR 10 BUCKS ITS WORTH IT...▀█▀ ███ █▀█ ▄█▀ ▀█▀ ▀▄▀
Cool
vanilla easily best girl
The story as a whole is lovely.Gameplay is relaxing, BGMs and tracks are good.Give it a try, if you find this game interesting.
REALLY GOOD but just a bit boring right now in this stage of development but so far its good
This game is absolutely fun!! I love these puzzles. Takes me back to memories of Super Mario World on SNES. Jump and puzzle solve. Very cool game for .69 cents on sale today. I LIKE IT!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvzzCc53KlA
I've already dumped over 90 hours into the 3DS version and consider it one of the best games available for it, so i grabbed the PC version as soon as i could. The time i put into the PC version gave me no issues whatsoever.This is definitely a huge improvement over the first game and will be putting a lot of time into doing everything i can into this version (especially cause that bonus character), The soundtrack is also pretty high up there.I would definitely recommend this game to people.
scrolling though steam yesterday and the name Tentacult caught my eye, watched the trailer for it and just cracked up laughing.  best 99c iv ever spent on anything, the game is simple yet very addictive to play.  well worth the 99c i paid for this 10/10 would buy again
For the price I've paid, this is an entertaining short game that feels challenging but not too hard. Feel-A-Maze is a puzzle game that focuses on your mouse movements, you must evade pretty much everything in your way and reach the exit. Simple stuff, and no, this one doesn't have the Exorcist's girl at the end of the maze so don't worry :DIf you want an easy game to complete, while being fun throughout it's levels, grab this one. Although I'd recommend picking it on a good sale, since you get about 1 hour of gameplay total. It's a simple and short game, and that's what I liked the most about it, it doesn't last enough to get boring. The music is enjoyable too, I've definitely heard worse music in these kind of games, in this case it was pretty cool.I paid 50 cents for this game, and while it looks like a mobile game and all, I still had fun with it. Definitely buy it with a big price cut if you're a completionist looking for a fun game, but the amount of content does not justify this game to cost 5$. 5/10
Gives me PTSD flash back to working in a real kitchen. Ill never play it again but if you like that sorfa thing.
very good game
Very good. Very fun and challenging, right up my street. Took me less than two hours to complete, but kept me wanting to keep playing throughout. 10/10. Would definitely recommend for this price. Well done, devs!
Charming.  Delightful.  I thoroughly enjoyed the journey!
having played this game for 5 minutes i have learned something very important i am really bad  at investment choices LMAO but aside from that the game is pretty standard act 1 has a 1 road route with no freedom i mean as the projects are always the same and the outcome for each one is the same do not get me wrong the dev has done a nice job and i do give serious credit for the time taken and it shows he had put a lot of thought into this and it is worth the cost for him to be able to bring out even better titles later as i see he is slowly getting his feet in the style he likes and it will becoming a great stage for him and for other titles
Great game and doable with each level.  Very informative on how to play the game too which is added bonus. So addictive to play it
good mini games. achievements help the game flow. please add controlled support ?
If you like the following:-Mystery Science Theater 3000-Rifftrax-Cinematic Titanic-Jackbox Party games-Classic movies or Vintage TVYOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME.This game works just like Jackbox and it also works like MST3K. It is set up like Jackbox but it is its own thing at PlayWTD.com It has Twitch integration and everything just like Jackbox. Basically, you are given B movie or TV show clips from the really old days of movies or television (1930's through the 1970's)  These video clips are short with closed caption audio. The video clips have dialogue followed by missing audio dialogue. Your job is to make up the missing audio dialogue with your own caption. after the caption is written and typed out on the website. The clips are played back with your caption and read by text to speech robot voices. You then vote for the best caption for that clip and then go on to the next round and do it again. I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good party game.If you want gameplay footage, I submit to you My first gameplay from this stream highlight from YouTube. (it is NSFW. you have been warned!) see for yourself..https://youtu.be/v0eRyuFRaQ8
 Target Audience:   Puzzle Fans that have to have it on Steam Summary:  This is a hard one for me to judge, mostly because of that price point that I'll get to. Dokuro's puzzle gameplay does challenge the use and make them think, and it's a good breath of fresh air at the time to the puzzle genre. It's got a good pace, and the presentation is eye-appealing with its chalk like style. It's got little helping elements here and there like the skip option, and the story is cute in the right ways. It has flaws on the PC platform, particularly with things like not having a restart right away button, but the graphics still work at higher resolutions and it can be overlooked in some aspects. Here's the problem: I get that porting games to other platforms can be expensive, but when I compare the game to its IOS/Android counterpart, I have to question the decision to make the game $9.99, compared to around 2 bucks on IOS and Android: Where the controls are much more fitting for the game and what it's doing. There are hiccups with the control scheme here as while it works, it does take getting used to, and it definitely was designed for the touch screen of the Playstation Vita in mind. I'm recommending it as a game, but I have to say that I don't recommend the PC version, but the Android/IOS version. That makes this review and a binary Recommended weird, but I'm hoping you actually read the review before you made that decision. Gameplay Footage and Video Review: http://youtu.be/vd8ARfUT_l4/b]  Lists: Positives: Puzzling is challenging in the right ways. Forces critical thinking. Good pace for the puzzles, doesn't reuse content  Do like the skips option for those puzzles that you just can't seem to get over. Cutscenes do a good job of saying a lot with a little. Presentation with the chalk style is eye catching and gives the game a unique look.Negatives: Needed a Restart right away button for a game like this on the PC. Going through the menu to restart became a chore. No rebindable keys, which does become an issue with those who are lefties with a mouse, as the keys used don't always make a lot of sense given that. It's clear that the game was designed with more iOS and Android in mind. While the game's controls are competent enough, the fact is that the game is more suited to a touch screen more then anything.  Bosses could have had a little more oompf to them. If you want more reviews/information regarding games I've reviewed, visit my curator. Dragnix Curator 
Now I know sniper is not alone on field
The developer of this game really knows what his fans want. On Friday, I had burned my hand with flaming oil and stayed eight straight hours in a neglectful "healthcare" facility that took eight hours to bandage my recently singed flesh. This left me with very limited use of my left hand, thus rendering me unable to play most games as they tend to require two hands. This hero of a developer kept his clientele in mind, and made it so this game could easily be played with one hand. I can tell just by that design choice that this is an upstanding Christian man who had developed a wholesome Christian game. Obviously this game was designed for people with limited mobility such as myself, as I cannot think of any other reason why this game should be played with one hand. These design choices lead me to believe that there is still hope left for humanity, 10/10.
Bought this for sh*t and giggles + easy achievements.
I've had this a while and keep coming back to it. The game is high quality all over. I love the physics of the game and the graphics and atmosphere are top notch. I almost enter a meditative state when playing it sometimes. A real high quality marble madness type game. The best of its kind on Steam in my opinion.
hard
super nice love story. I realy like it! Im superduper in love KISS KISS &lt;3 =) you must buy this h3h3 =D
Nice little puzzler, a good way to spend a little time relaxing.
Very fun game as a cat and video game lover i had to play.  its soooooo fun i love at night when you have to find and help the kittens and in the day i love hanging out with konrad. 10 out of 10. If you have a vr headset and love cats buy this NOW!
verdict: recommended for a small yet fun trip down memory lane of old school dungeon crawling. Just know what you are getting into.I picked this up on a sale and would recommend you do the same. I'd say you can have a good 10 hours of fun with this before it gets stale (ignore my 'played' duration: I do AFK a lot).positive+ It's a fun trip down the memory lane of old school dungeon crawlers+ You pick 4 heroes from up to 5 classes that all play sufficiently different. Each class in turn has 2 specializations which are minor alteration to the playstyle. But the important aspect is that everyone needs to work together as a team.+ 3-4 different unique campaigns (dungeons) that you can visit with your posse. Actually there's 6 campaigns, but some are just reused assets // endless modes.+ convenient auto loot feature at the end of a battle where you get to decide which type (armor, potions, etc.) goes into which bag and what automatically gets sold+ It's easy to pick up and learn. It's turn based and single player so convenient for short gaming bursts or pausing and returning later. Discovering how the game and dungeons work was actually large part of the fun with this game.negative+ Being a port from a browser game it's not well optimized at all, some animations cause the significant stutters (frame rate drops) whenever they happen. The game however isn't loaded with effects so it'll be more of a minor nuisance.+ AI isn't particularly clever. Which attacks happen and on whom seem to be influenced by and at large by random chance.+ It's not very deep mechanically, but also doesn't pretend to be.+ I played on normal difficulty and was showered with loot. Not even once was I short on money, restoration items or anything really.
This is *insanely* addictive and actually significantly more challenging than I expected - totally love it! Looks simple but definitely requires some skill and strategy (level 7 very tricky) so reckon its a game all the family can play. In our house, we were fighting over it (ages 8-44)! Definitely recommend.
A classic PopCap game. Without a doubt it's that good even for replay value. I would recommend it to beginners and to the people who played it, again!
Reminds me of my favorite prehistoric "Comanche" helicopter simulation that I played it with the Floppy Discs.This time, I can choose my favorite Russian Combat Helicopters the flying tanks!
I am going to soak this one up slowly. Its amazing, its basically Unreal, duke3d and doom. 
did not expect this to hit me like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sack of bricks but ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is probably in my top 5 of all time, it's a story I needed to read. i was kin assigned venus and i didnt understand what the ♥♥♥♥ it meant but now i do and im crying in the club yall
Major Mayhem is a simple but nonetheless entertaining casual shooter.  The intricate pretext: The world is in total mayhem and they got your girl. This sidesrolling railshooter combines simplistic gameplay with some weapon progression and tongue in cheek character customization. Lots of references and recognizable outfits, a fun setting and a clean style.Obivously this was made for mobile devices so it has some of those made for touchscreen elements like the huge onscreen pause button. When advancing in level your character can spin the reward wheel and unlocks gear and stuff in the armory. Some of these have certain level requirements so it keeps you going til u get that new shotgun or whatever.Absolute no brainer, cute style and low price... count me in!
This game is fun and enjoyable with your friends
If you loved the Saw movies then you will love this puzzle solving FMV movie. I got this on discount and it's worth the full price. Highly recommended if you love FMV adult themed stories with puzzles. Please make more. Full English subtitles and all in game puzzles have English subs and info, in case you were put off.
I bought this game 75% off and to be honest, it was money well spent. The game is a difficult and minimalistic platformer with no storyline or impressive soundtrack. By far there were only two things that made me go mad: The jumping sound and several evil traps. The game is rather short, but it looks like it could recieve a potential sequel with more content due to a larger budget.
wqa
baby1 sound at lowest pitch, circling slowly around your head.This is the sound of nightmares.10/10 never slept better.
The second of the series and it is fun, I'd say a little better as there seems to be more flushed out. Great to come back to as it is in real time so you can just check back every now and then. A Great game for killl/passing time.
a fun idle clicker with lots of potential
Let's all be weeblets together you &amp; I.
feels like a faithful reimagination of older cod zombies
Nice!
This will be awesome at Xmas parties!
very good game. kept me entertained for years
Best Game I Have Ever Played For Real Exept Skyrim &amp; CS:GO They Are Much Better... But Still Great Game!!
 Nah dude, I know several Jacks. You Don't Know Jack is a series of computer games developed by Jackbox Games (formerly known as Jellyvision Games), as well as the title of the first You Don't Know Jack game in the series. You Don't Know Jack, calling itself a game show "where high culture and pop culture collide", combines multiple choice trivia with comedy. The game can be played by one, two, or three players, and the games host does a wonderful job of pushing the comedy game show theme.Good-Jack is finally on steam! These games were bloody great fun back in the 90's-it's still pretty funny, in a family friendly kind of way-great amount of content, plus many of the categories and questions are excellentBad-the jokes are a little dated-no controller support, game is windowed by default-somewhat intended for Americans, some of the questions are quite topicalStill a blast, grab a couple of mates and a few beers and get your trivia on, the dated jokes can be easily overlooked and everyone is gonna have a good time. 4/5
I loved it, really cool, want all my friends to play it
Very fun and addictive, with a unique style and a nice ost to go with it
Arguably the best poker game on steam currently, would highly recommend!
Easy, Entertaining and Cheap 10/10 &lt;3 &lt;3
I came across this game playing a time management game...i am not such a big fan of find object games but overall is quite nice and keeps u staring at the monitor for several hours trying to get the bonus cards on portals :D the energy refill is slow even if u activate the booster...tho i am having a lot of fun playing it with my daughter...just try it, if u like time management games ,u'll have lots of fun
Exactly what is says it is.Looking forward to the content coming soon.
Casual game with novel gameplay. Continues in the same vein as  Fortix 1, with all of the original maps from the first game included.- Skinny from the Fat B*stard (curator link)
After being excited about Axes &amp; Acres (~120 hours) and Solar Settlers (~50 hours and still going), I really wanted to support this developer more. I also already had Minos Strategos but that's not really my thing although it's a good game.So I bought all of his games that I didn't already have, just to support him. I didn't really expect much from this game.But I was wrong. This game is really good! I agree that the concept is a little bit weird and it takes some time to understand how it works, but it has a fun and challenging concept.In short: you are a captain of several sky ships/boats and the sky has cities that buy stuff that can be found everywhere if you look closely enough. By looking closely enough, I mean that things spawn there on specific occasions. You can sell goods for a specific price (changes every turn) or sell three of the same goods for a fixed contract price. The hard part is getting around this map: you only have little fuel, not at all enough to just fly around the map and that's where wind magic comes into play. Every good has a special magical power that generates a trail of wind which you will follow if you get onto it... but also if you don't want it, you will travel with that wind. You can override specific winds with new wind magic. It's a fuel saver.You have a limited amount of turns in which you have to sell enough to get the required number of victory points.The game is a bit weird in the beginning, but it's certainly fun and challenging!
adorable, but hard also its only a buck
Cool variation a la Tetris or Dr. Mario. Worth the price of admission if you liked those games. No online multiplayer, though.
BOTH TERRIBLE AND FUNNY.   PLEASE MAKE MORE
For the price of a lunch, this piece of digital artwork is excellent. It can also serve as a showpiece for others to enjoy.  Quality is spelled out loud in this fine treasure.
Pew Pew
As someone who knows next to nothing about Korea or it's culture, I adored this little game. While it was longer than I expected (about an hour and a 1/2 with all the wandering I did), I highly enjoyed it and found it very sweet! The part with the dancing dragons and frogs made it for me~ If you're looking for a fun little point in click with soft pastels and a nice encouraging story, and very few puzzles, I would highly recommend this!The only thing I would say that needs work is that the English translation can be a little muddled at times, and also the text appers it bit too slow for my liking (especially because I recorded a Let's Play for this game, made reading a little difficult). I will put up the link below for anyone who would be interested! ^w^Another thing, when I put the name of the game into Google Translate (very reliable, I know) as Korean, to English, and back, not only did "Hoyeonjigi" translate to "treadmill" but it changed to a completely different phrase?? Can anyone give a bit of insight?
if you dont have rtx 3090 ti you can t play this game on fantastic
great game, better with friends 10 out of 10
♥♥♥♥! This game make me some kind of 4 dimensions creature! My brain burn! yeah! I'm recommending!
my bike is a game with potential but i hope the game dev will update this game to make it better
This is one of those games that seem pretty simple, maybe even cheap, at first glance... And thats exactly what it is - but it does not mean that its not fun! Those of you who like casual, small puzzle games, where you have to make yourself some notes here and there, or games that are so enriched with little details that reveal the full extent of the game only after repeatedly playing through... Those ones will most probably like this one! And in addition to that, there's this special "Donnie Darko"-atmosphere that resonates from this game... Something I would not have expected from this little piece of code lol.
I enjoy playing this and listening to podcasts.
hehe...grin...slobber...yeayea....harharhar... Really nice game ...I assume! I only wish, I could UNDERSTAND one word Chinese!!!!!!!! DAMN! :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
Low-budged, casual FMV-Game. Nothing special, good story with some spooky moments, character-graphics are low quality, FMV sequences are OK. Playing time is 1,5 hrs. Bought it for 1€, its worth.
Pretty good portal-like 2d game. Has some pretty hard levels in it, overall graphics style is really nice.In-game music isn't exactly my thing, but that's more of a personal preference.Definitely suitable for children and grown-ups alike.
I only play this once a year! This is a great match 3 (or more game) with a good level of challenge and is well presented.If you like Match 3, and you like Christmas - then you'll like this :)7/10 - would explode me pudding again.
Great little hectic, throwback top-down shooter - lots of fun in over LAN.Only thing missing is local multiplayer but looking forward to what the studio makes next!
Great mechanic. If the game did a little more with it's central gimmick, had a slicker interface, more variety of sounds, and slicker visuals, this could be in my top 20 local multiplayer games.
Simple short game.  But was challenging at first until you get used to the handling of the helicopter.  For the price, fun to play and have in your library.
Thought I would give it a try before the kids got to play. 40 min in and having fun. Well worth it. Kids will try tomorrow and hope to update then.
good. but without live playing with friends is really boring
I love the theme and becouse you got all the cards from the start defenetly wroth that 10£. Just the feeling to smash your opponent face with an hasburg Vampire prince is pricless. I hope later on they ad more cards .
really good couch coop game. a tad hard but enjoyable.
Stop everything you are doing right now, and PLAY SOMOS! I am not joking, this game is great just buy it !
A brilliant party game. Great fun!
this is a Very good pick if you are looking for a family game for all ages, and there are not soo many around
I love this game!! For how much fun this is I cant believe how cheap the game is. This game is a mental and physical workout and your constantly dodging enemy fire. I love how you move around and how gravity plays a factor. I have to add, make sure your wrist straps are secure with this game. This game involves a lot of throwing motions so lets just say your controllers get sweaty and are way harder to grip. I can definitely picture people accidentally throwing their vive controllers with this game.
Very nice and interesting game ! Would recommand if you're interested in trading !
Warning! This game requires a ton of patience. Its a cool concept and gameplay is enjoyable once you actually figure stuff out. Get on the discord and ask questions. It helps. Server sometimes has issues. If you are willing to work through the kinks its pretty good.
This is a fun little game for $1.  The controles are tough, but thats the fun of the game.  I played for a few minuets and moved on.  Navigating the game is kind of anoying.  Lots of double and tripple clicks to start or go anyplace. 5/10 overal, so its a weak thumbs up.
Great game and if you like games like Tales of Maj'eyal, Dungeons of Dredmor, or even Desktop Dungeons you should like this. It does things differently when it comes to leveling up with all skills choices open on your first level up and you pick what fits your playstyle and whats happening at the time you level up. It also does health differently with no constant health regen between turns meaning you can only heal from potions and spells. The game has cool levels,enemies, and loot with secrets and portals sprinkled in. At 5$ you really can't go wrong with this game and the dev already has a good list of things planned. BUT it is EA so you know how that goes but dev seems active and passionate about his game. I recommend this game and if your worried you won't like it there's a demo so you can try before you buy.
아버지는 폭풍우에 휩싸여 돌아가 셨고, 쇼핑 방학에만 가기로되어 있지 않으므로 죽은 나의 위대한 용감한 아버지를 기념하여이 게임을합니다.
So who wins the reward for best "skill based" horizontal SHMUP on STEAM?  It's a really tough choice between Beekyr Reloaded and Super Hydorah.   And NO the award cannot go to a CAVE shooter. The award must go to a well rounded shooter that requires both aiming skill as well as bullet and enemy dodging skills. :-)  With that said lets dive into what makes Beekyr is so amazing.Where do I begin with Beekyr..  Perhaps it's the fact that this game harkins back to the precision aiming based gameplay of the horizontal shooters from the 90's?  ... or maybe its that the game is overspilling with style, charm, and a unique setting? ... A big YES to both of those as well as the large abundance of developer love which has been thoroughly applied throughout the game.  This love and attention to detail first becomes apparent when merely loading into the title screen.  You will see an angry little bee hovering on the main menu buzzing its nicely animated wings.  It's a beautiful prelude to the treat that will follow.  So Beekyr's story is simple.  Wasps attacked your hive, killed your queen, and now its up to you to retrieve the pollen and inact revenge on your winged adversaries.  To your surprise the enemies of you and your fellow bee brethren are not only winged but land based insectoids as well.  Beetles, spiders, cockroaches litter the ground as various winged insects fill the sky.  Their numbers as well as bullet attacks increase drastically in size and speed as you make way through higher difficulties (Arcade mode is where the real challenge starts). The score mechanics are simple and old school which is a plus.  The main weapon is skill based (no super easy full screen spread available, sorry folks!) and you actually get a larger point bonus NOT wasting shots.  A far cry from the most popular Cave SHMUPS in which you continuously fire laying waste to enemies before they enter the play area.  The game is beautiful, fun, exceptionally challenging, and feels almost perfect.  I whole heartedly recommend this title.   Beekyr Reloaded deservers more recognition than its received in the 2 months since release on STEAM.  THIS is 90's skill based shooter heaven.Now...back to my initial statement. Beekyr Reloaded slightly edges out Hydorah IMO for STEAM's greatest horizontal shump due to the fact that ...well...it's so simple.  Hydorah, as wonderful as it is, suffers from an inevitable 'weapon selection syndrome'.  Meaning you must select the proper loadout to beat certain levels which one can only discover through trial and error, experimentation, and memorization.  None of that nonsense in Beekyr as it simply requires down and dirty shooting skills. It's shooting purity with charm and that goes a long way.I've played a lot and I mean A LOT of SHUMPS in the past 40 years and my top tier list is extremely short.  Beekyr is oh-oh so very close to top tier.   If the little bee that could perhaps had a ground attack ability or one other key attack mode coupled with more varied mid bosses other than the vertical bee attack level and facing the killer birds 3 times then it could be a perfect game. Also, the prologue level is a bit odd in that it replays again when selecting different difficulties and as far as I can tell will always count towards your final score. So you almost need not to skip the introductory level as like I said.. it counts towards your score.   I guess replaying the prologue isn't so bad at higher difficulties as it adds more enemies to fight at least.  Also, as I stated earlier, Arcade mode is where the real challenge in Beekyr begins so try to breeze through Beginner mode as quickly as possible.  You can thank me later :-)9/10. EDIT:  Can't believe I forgot to mention the soundtrack.  It's simply amazing, all of it.  Even the game over screen has a catchy 90's console tune...Perfection!Happy gaming!
Story was better than most and was interesting. Not as many puzzles, more story board games you just click on to progress. Which I don't find that much fun when in large quantity like they were. Even though they progress the story, they took the place of true puzzles. HOPs were pretty good though. Going to recommend it more based on the story than anything else.Worked Great in Linux without a hitch. Didn't even have to resort to Proton.
Definitely not as good as I expected. Overall, if I could get a refund, I would...
Awesomeness "Hotline Miami meets Silent Hill" it's beautiful, terrifying, never boring, fun, atmospheric. Motte Island is a title you waited for, trust me this is a game you will never forget.
Very challenging game and really satisfying after you've finished all the levels.It's definitely difficult but not unfair in any way, which means you can only blame yourself for failing.If you don't have a lot of patience then don't waste your money on this game because you'll need a lot of it.Hopefully more levels are going to be added in the future!
There's a lot to like about this game, but it definitely has some drawbacks. The acting for some characters is pretty bad. Some of the vids are indexed badly, meaning I can search for words and themes in clips I have just watched, and those clips do not come back up as results. The help system is completely necessary in that regard. The overall mystery didn't have much actual evidence pointing to the perpetrator(s), or it was too subtle. 100% all videos, and while I didn't go back through all of them again after, I still missed something crucial apparently. It was fun, and I would love to see what the developers come up with next. This one I recommend if you like the genres, and willing to overlook some of the nuances.
i absolutely love this game. the character development is amazing. at first you are this shy and timid person but as you go deeper into the story you slowly become more confident and brave which is pretty cool because i feel that there is rarely any main character development while the other characters slowly grow and become a better version of themselves. i really do like how your character is pretending to be a guy because it gives the story and game a bit of a interesting twist and that your not this really girly and typical main female character. i really like all your companions and romance options. currently im trying to romance the prince because he is one of my favourite characters so far. this game was defintely worth the money i paid, i dont regret buying this game at all. i really do reccomend this game to everyone who wants something a bit different from the usual visual novels
I anticipated the release of this game since Mark and Simon mentioned it in their videos. Watched the store page twice a day without success. Then Mark said the game was sent to Steam and it was going to be up soon. Visited the store page even more, without success. Then I saw the game was ready for purchase in the store. And then the bloody steam store went offline. Seriously.I have now played 1 level and, as expected, it's fun again. I must go to bed now otherwise tomorrow will be too painful.
This is one of the best games Released this year!I can't believe one greasy russian made this all by himself.Such an amazing gameplay.The graphics are incredible.The sound effects are very VEERY Unique and in ultra good quality.I recomend to buy this game.10/10
This game got me through the hardest times of my life. The year was 1944, German Bombers overhead, hiding in my poorly concealed attic with my best friend anne. It wasn't much of a game but it was fun to say the least. I finally complete the insanity achievement as to which we celebrated. While I was brewing a cuppa tea, anne went missing. Never saw her again, hope shes alright and not like the pizza I just put in my oven. anyways, 11/10 would recomend.
Cool
in short: buy itin long: It's a very fun game it just feeld a bit too short and the ending not wishing to spoil it but something happens and that thing makes me wanna do things but it ended without letting me do that thing. but still worth picking up if only just for its origanality in story alone. BUY ITEdit: i just wanna compliment them on great interaction with the community. if you post something on the forums you're almost garentued a response from them, which is another reason to support these people because we need more of people who interact with their community.
Simple, yet addictive on it's on field. Love the unlockable characters although grinding coins is quite long.
This game saved my life.I am 27.My ex-wife and I have a daughter together, and adopted our son together. They are now both 4 years old.When we were going through our separation, I found myself lost and miserable. I was self destructive. I got so mad one day from everything spiraling out of my control that I punched some concrete in a moment of overwhelming emotion. That caused me to break my 5th metacarpal in my right hand... my working hand... my games hand... the hand that I held and carried my children to bed with... The hand I desperately needed to make sure I could continue to provide.After learning of the severity of my self-inflicted damage, I was borderline suicidal. Keep in mind that just a few months before this, I was the happiest man with no history of depression or anxiety. I have never had fits of rage, or been one to break down and cry, but I was in a low spot that just really buried me from being able to see the light on the other side.Having nothing better to do, I searched for a game I could play, ONE HANDED while I recovered. I somehow stumbled upon this game and read some of the reviews. I decided that it had to be worth a shot... I must admit, I didn't beat the game, or play nearly as long as some of you. In fact, I may have only played this game a day or two.. With that being said, after doing so, I had a new found joy and hope for life. I was able to put behind me the pain and suffering that had been cast over me. I was able to see the fruits of my "labor". I relaxed for 5 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ minutes to this music long enough to realize that I was going to be okay.After coming to that realization, I turned the game off, and I went back to work. It hurt my hand like hell but I was motivated. I stopped feeling so damn sorry for myself, and I became the father I needed to be in that moment, not the weak boy I was behaving as.
The art, weapon feel, level design, pace &amp; music are just amazing. Best modern-retro doom/quake gore shooter I've ever played. Truly recommended if you like fast-paced, aggressive shooters.
An absolutely fantastic retelling of The Cherry Orchard by Anton Chekhov! The visuals do a great job enhancing the story, and the VO work is top notch. I hadn't personally seen the play before, but this is setting my standard for retellings of the story. The nuance in the actor's lines and and expressions was very well done, and are even more effective on a second playthrough once you've experienced the story the first time.
The game crashed during the elevator ride, when I tried to play again I couldn't select the start game button with my remotes......Will try again another time. The spider creatures looked insane!
♥♥♥♥ this game. It makes me wana cover myself in gasoline and light it then jump out my window and crack my head open. This game is still good but the bugs actually make me wana do something bad
Scooty scooty, tooty tooty
Cute mobile port of a simple park building game without any pesky microtransactions.It's not hard at all, easy for kids to play.  Very casual.Cute sounds and graphics, although the sounds might get annoying after a while.Very mobile-based gameplay (click on the coins above the buildings)No micromanagement other than setting ticket prices and making sure you've got enough power, wifi, and pyrotechnics to go around.Upgradeable buildings, but a limited selection.Over 50 unique characters to unlock through regular progression.Didn't find any bugs.I think I paid less than $1 for this game, and I recommend getting it for under $2 if you are into easy, casual games that look nice and don't take much brainpower.
it seems good for an early access game, but id like to see updates in the future ill keep supporting
Childhood classic. Love it.
 This is a hell of a puzzle game I thank the maker of this fine puzzle-art. In combination with chess, which I really love to play and which was the reason why I tried it, this game has brought a whole new perspective on chess to me. Crazy as hell. Sometimes the killing scenes caught me shouting because I was so damn sure about my move.It also points out the basic rules for chess. The basic movements of all figures (besides the King) are at least explained. Walking among them is not quite the idea of chess. But getting familiar with the attacking fields of each figure can help newcomers to understand chess.The story is heartbreaking. Don't be fooled by the pictures. This game is a chess-braintwister with at least two different story-endings.
Fun game, nice graphics and sound.
I picked this one up after playing the mobile free to play version because it's a pretty cool take on the tower defense genre. Appealing graphics and funny moments help make this one stand out more for me.Do me a favor, do it, do it.
This game is lit AF. 10 hours of fun clicking at minimum and some lowkey awesome achievements.
This game is awesome. The gamer must thinking to play this game. The puzzle can make the gamer smart. Nice game.
Its pretty good game, and its worth the money even in such early access.
The game is world building and connected to its sequel Akashicverse Malicious Wake.Story mode brings light into the darkness into what happens in the other games. The game in itself seems complex at first, but when you spent a little time and play the mission mode you will learn how the game works. Mission mode also got some extra challenges for good players. There is also a manual in both languages in the game folder. It can help you to understand how each character works. Your goal is pretty much to beat the other player in puyu puyu smash bros with top music in the background and all the visual candy. The game has some minor flaws. occasionally you will get lags. From my experience these lags mostly show up when using Aranha's method Trick Trap Tears or when you are about to lose your game. The game is hopefully getting an online vs mode in the future. I believe that if you are familiar with the other games you won't be disappointed by this game.
It's not the best puzzle game but it's fine
Good Game
If you want death to come and visit you, then this game is right for you.
In general, the expectations are quite justified. The graphics and interface need to be slightly tweaked and the game will be great. If you want to try something new, then this game will be quite a good choice to buy.
un joc tare
Umm  I can explain  -  Erm I-I-I I  uhhh ... I uh  ... Yeah  *Leaps outta nearest window*
Though I recommend this game, it's more a game for kids.Really simplistic and quite short. I've bought this for 4 Euro's and in my opinion it's too expensive because I bought once a five in one bundel for 5 Euro's with 5 much better HOG's than this one.I repeat: buy this one for your kid or little nephew....
I hate my life
Game is wonderful. 2nd TCG i loved after infinity wars.Just wished there were AI/ Single player campaign in order to test decks.Please include AI option. and will we getting campaign?
Hey readers, so if I'm the only reviewer I guess I end up with an overwhelming responsibility. I like playing VR games, I'm willing to give a lot of things a try, especially VR games that have unique appraoches to controls. This does, it's got a bit to go ( I couldn't figure out how to slow the plane down :D ) but it's a solid approach, and I look forwards to trying out later patches to see how it has been finessed.I played a few levels of the game, it was fun - I liked the art style a lot. If you're willing to try something new and are optimistic about VR games in general, it's worth a shot.
So, this game really is loads of awesomeness. It has an incredibly calm atmosphere, lush graphics, ridiculously smooth gameplay, and aims to bring a new light to problem-solving and virtual puzzles. Its originality in terms of both puzzles and overall gameplay really gives off a great vibe, and in my opinion, it feels like the developers really knew what they wanted from this game. They executed this indie game extremely well and it really shows. I have not had the chance to play this game with a controller, but for a mouse and keyboard(which feels more natural to me than a controller), the controls are perfect. The developers really struck a beautiful balance in terms of how you control the gameplay, and subsequently, how the gameplay controls you. They left the complexity and problem-solving to the puzzles of the game and made the controls simplistic. Perfection.On the topic of the puzzles, they also match this game perfectly. As you can see from the teaser video clips, the puzzles take on this abstract form of obstacles within multi-dimensional cubes of glass and steel. Without spoiling anything(or too much anyways), at first glance you would figure this combination to clash with the original atmosphere of the game, but it's quite the opposite; the transfers are done so seamlessly that the player remains undisturbed, and continues to flow through the calm, dream-like gameplay that is InFlux. Most of the puzzles are simple, a couple of them frustrating, but not so frustrating that you want to turn the game off or bang your head against a wall. They always keep you coming back. At the end of the day, this is a fantastic game with an amazing atmosphere that keeps you coming back for more; and honestly, that is the kind of result you want from a problem-solving game of this caliber. If you are on the edge about whether to buy this game or not, just go ahead and buy it and thank me later. For its miniscule price, you get an experience easily worth ten times the amount(was on-sale for $2.99 when I wrote this review).
It's a Free To Play game on Steam and I test out the interesting ones and this one is simple and fun! You can fight in lobbies against other people or you can all team up to fight zombie hordes! You can use power-up, grenades, and ultimate to decimate the people around you or the zombies! The game rewards you with coins and you can use them to buy improved weapons pistols semi-automatics rifles etc etc. The game has many stages and maps where they all have cargo and you can refill your guns during a gameplay! I recommend this a lot!
the game looks very unattractive at the first time i play the game, but after give it some more  chance to play , it became quite interesting. It hard at the first try because the profit you get from selling goods in the game is so low, it takes me 2 month to get the objective sales. If you like this kind of games, maybe you can give this game a chance.
The cat starts crying anytime you miss a skill check. Just get better, please. It breaks my heart to see that sweet karate kitty crying.
I was recommended this game from a friend and it is every bit as fun as it looks!It's a simple party game that is very intuitive and so everyone can just pick it up and play. I would especially recommend this game if you like games like Speedrunners or Rayman Legends as it is on that level of speedy platforming fun for you and your friends! The game looks amazing too and has a great soundtrack to boot. It's probably one of the best casual party games I have ever played. Only downsides would be that I sometimes encountered a little fps drop, but not sure if that happens to everyone. It was quite minor so didn't take away from the experience. 9/10
1-button game with some charming retro-flair. Love it!
It's hard... Nintendo Hard.I like that.
Thats basically a very realistic voting simulator with a dumb society and oppressive government who is being manipulated by big companies.
Игра 10/10ПЛЮСЫ1)Карточки МОГУТ Окупить Всю Игру.2)Игра подходит Для украшения Профиля3)Очень Интересные, И Занимательные Головоломки.4)Игра Подходить Для успокоения Под БАЛДЕЖНУЮ Музычку.5)Очень Много Достижений, И Уровней.МИНУСЫ1)В некоторых уровнях Ломается скрип, И его нельзя пройти
Great game! A great time killer in which creativity flies high!
epic awesome cyberpunk mini game xD must have , easy achivments in 5min. :D
Made me kiss the homie goodnight +1
I love it! This game really helps me pass the time plus I love the anime style characters. Smooth and fun game A more interactive turn-based game which runs really smoothly.The graphics are 2D, very anime like. I guess any anime-lovers will like the art style.This game is quite fun. All the card designs look nice. The monster’s summoning system is a bit unpredictable and the battle system is a bit more interactive than most CCGs. Play this if you are a big fan of card game or Puzzle &amp; Dragons. When I first saw it I thought it would be not all that fun but after giving it a try I have to admit once I started time flied passed so far that I ended up playing for 9 hours without stopping literally.Update: I’ve been seeing some people commenting that those reviews are fake.What the hell? Who care to play for 9 hours for fake review?Haters always find a way to hate anyway. They’re going to miss out a lot.
very cool game, but if you add the rocket customization, it will be very cool!
such a simple and at the same time such an interesting puzzle gameto kill time
It's exactly what it is advertised to be.  A "how many words can you make" game with an RPG and timing gimmick.  It's very similar to the old Bookworm Adventures game from PopCap, which is not a bad thing.  You're given a set of 10 pseudo-randomly generated tiles that you will use to make words.  Your character marches from the left of each level towards the right, stopping whenever he reaches a new enemy.  A timer starts at the same time, indicating when the enemy will attack.  A good vocabulary and decent typing speed will help you kill enemies before they can attack.  The longer your words, the more damage you'll do.  You obviously can't use the same word twice on a level (that would make beating the enemies fairly trivial).  Part of the challenge is saving the longer words that you think of for the most powerful enemies on a level so that you don't have to resort to wimpy, 3-letter attacks.As you progress you'll earn gold and items that you use to buy upgrades to your gear.  Each piece of gear has special abilities.  One of the early unlocks is a monster guide that you can use to examine the strengths and weaknesses of the enemies on each level, helping you to choose the gear that will do the most damage to the toughest opponents.If you get stuck (and you probably will) you can replay old levels to earn stars (which unlock more gear), and gold (which you can use to upgrade the gear you have).  It can feel a little grindy, especially at the beginning when there aren't many levels to go back and play so you end up playing the same levels 5 or 10 times to grind out gold.  The game is pretty good about generating different tile sets, though, so you'll be racing to come up with new words even on replays.Definitely a fun game.
Works with Manjaro/Arch...Traditional point click - explore game...
Small tower defence, good on it's own, it does the work.Easy achievements for hunters.
Nice Game!
If you are already familiar with the big 5 pinball games, then you can also get this one. How did you even get here if you are just considering getting your first pinball game? you would be way out of the beaten path and you should just get back to the main pinball games out there. Get this game only if you are a niche pinball game collector or if you rather play a slow paced pinball. It does the job. These tables offer a slow paced game for the most part. It is an enjoyable game overall. it is a relaxing game not to be taken seriously. These tables are challenging enough. Too many salty people in Steam complaining way too much. It is a very cheap game to add to your already established pinball collection for a casual play. Just have fun!
7/10
One of the best "arcade old school kind of games" I've played in the last year, it's style reminds me A LOT galaga which was my favorite game from childhood (even more than mario bross) Levels are pretty different, speed is crazy almost beyond my brain level of processing and the Final level is just madness. Bad game's too short but I really think that all it's levels have a good amount of variety.As a good "Bullet hell" the challenge is fairly big, even though I beat it in an hour and a half. Basically a lot of fun, challenge and nostalgia on the same gameBad things: For $6.99 is too short Screen moves A LOT too much for my taste and sometimes it ruined my experience since I lost sight of the bullets I was following. Bullets are not as bright as they should be, which guides to another problem: The bullets trace you in this game, is not a regular whatever bullet hell where the bullets fly following a linear path, no here they "chase you" but not too much, the point is that as bullets follow you, is LIVE OR DEATH to trace them and as they are kinda fainted is really easy to loose track from them All this might be done un purpose to increase the difficulty of the game but overall just doesn't feel good. In case someone's interested here's my strategy that is easy to say but if you buy the game you'll see how difficult it is to perform: -Keep fire button press during the whole game-Move ALWAYS and in one direction, (was that an unintentional reference to an already dead? Ahhgg) then stopp for half a second, sometimes even less than half a second and then move to the opposite direction. -Count the bullets that hit you -Stop the panic of the GIGANTIC amount of bullets above you and try to focus on small milimetrical moves when needed. 
This is a good game, the course creator is very robust. However unless you can get a group to play it with you you probably won't get much out of it. They should really be offering a 4-pack or something to get people into it in groups. Physics handling is way better than the polished turd that is 'Golf with your Friends'; if you're considering both games, just get this, it's better designed and doesn't get broken by untested updates like Golf with your Friends.
This may look like a simple arcade shooter, but beneath is a chasm of difficulty and excitement. Overall the game is extremely enjoyable and a good way to spare a few hours, or even simply to play during queue times for any competitive multiplayer games you enjoy.When it comes to gameplay, NEO NEO surpasses expectations. Simple and easy to learn controls leads to a great gameplay loop. The only thing I find frustrating in the gameplay is I occasionally miss when I try to warp kill, but I am absolutely certain that it is because of the game's incredibly fast speed. Not only are you having to defend yourself against multiple enemies while trying to reach the end of the level, a death wall is also approaching behind you keeping you at the pace the game wants you to play at. Simply put, the gameplay is like Hotline Miami if you weren't allowed to stop moving.Although the visuals are fairly basic, they provide a great atmosphere to the game. The colours are appealing, including an effect where the screen occasionally gets slightly distorted. Although the screen is incredibly busy and full of information, I have no trouble recognising when enemies are killed and what type of weapon they hold. The only downside to the visuals is I barely take in what score I'm at during the run, but again I suspect that is because of the fast-paced gameplay.The music is also simple, but effective. You don't need anything too extraordinary. Just something to keep a beat and quick enough to help represent that speed you want for the game. If it sold the soundtrack seperately, I would probably buy it.A great start to a first time developer. I would very much like to see what else this dev is capable of.Highly recommended for those who like difficult games where you are not constrained by how much time you need to put into it.
Best one yet
It really is a great and fun game to play and it also gives me some childhood memory Its not that hard if you think your way through the whole game it really is i great game and i also cant wait for part 3
Fun time management game
I mean yeah, it's a lot a ducks
How about this UNO, add Minecraft UNO and I will be satisfied.
Dragon's Lair 2 may not be the most challenging sequel I have ever played but it's still a very charming game if you like Don Bluth's animations &amp; to me it's a very underrated game.Pros:1. Don Bluth as usual has beautiful art2. New areas to play on like Eden's Garden for example3. Good voice acting4. New bad guys to fightCons:1. Not as hard as the original Dragon's Lair2. Pointless item collecting just to reach the last level3. unlimited lives4. The game forces you to restart the entire level again if you ♥♥♥♥ up (In the original if you ♥♥♥♥ up you lose 1 life &amp; you restart at the checkpoint not the entire level but if you lose 2 more lives it's game over)Overall this sequel was only average but I enjoyed my time with it but if your really nit picky about the price then I suggest waiting for a sale if your curious about it. (If I missed anything please feel free to leave feedback)
i played solo for 17 hours, and despite a few terrible lobbies with some bad trolls, i love this game when the lobbies laugh at each other and enjoy the short time we have together.
This game is awesome =]
fun game
Hard af  but great gameplay
Its a pretty good game but its kind of confusing. Some stuff just doesn't feel clear.
Good game. im number 1 with a score of 2153 for awhile now.
Очень хорошая игра) Играл во все части (С диска) Эта самая красивая! \\ Good and nice game!Минусы: \\ All "-"Please Add Water (I really want) \\ Добавьте воду (Очень хочу)Please Add Russian Language \\ Добавьте русский!Please Add More Parts \\ Добавьте больше крутых штук для головоломок-------------------------------Всё это можно сделать в DLC-------------------------------All this can be done to the DLCThanks for reading!Stop! When will the Crazy Machines 3?
Sometimes you forget why you play videogames. Then a game like this comes around and reminds you. It's Pizza Time.
Is it a cute game with puppers? Yes. Is it a good puzzle game? Eh...While the puzzles do work, and some of the mechanics feel unique, the game makes it very clear that it is a port of a mobile game: 3 star scoring system for levels, clearly optimized for touch screen controls, no "Quit" button on the home screen, etc. That's not fundamentally a bad thing, in this case it leaves the game with a general sense of unpolish. My biggest gripe is that every 4 levels you're returned to the level selection screen, even if you've unlocked the fifth level by getting all 3 stars on the previous ones. This means every 4 levels you have to scroll back through the pages of levels to go to the next as it always puts you pointed to the first level. The music is on the edge of being annoying where I'll leave it on for a while, then mute it.I'll leave this review as positive as the tunnel and water stream mechanics make for unique puzzles. In many cases you have to form and re-form the lines to complete the levels, which I haven't encountered in similar puzzle games. However a lot of the appeal of the game is that it has dogs. Few of the levels really felt challenging, and throughout the 80 levels, I never really got a feeling of satisfaction upon completing a level, due largely to the things outlined above. It is a passable puzzle game, but if you're looking mainly for a puzzle game rather than a game with dogs, give this one a pass.For more puzzle game and platformer recommendations,  check out my Curator page
Im a grower myself and i really love this game.
Excellent racing, one of the best races in this form, nice picture, convenient gameplay, good music and sounds, convenient control! (the most important thing in such games)I really liked it, for its price it was one of the best games in its genre.Great race in the retro style, I advise everyone)
This game is Qix but with anime girls, power-ups, and different enemy types. You cut portions off of the screen while dodging the enemies until you get 75%. I really like this game! If any of this sounds interesting then pick it up. It gets pretty tough near the end as well (which is a good thing). Good difficulty curve.Score: 9/10
不知道为什么我的电脑上面显示不了鼠标过了序章就进行不了下关了
Wow, What an amazing game... The story, the looks, the sound effects... just  everything is incredible!Thanks for making such a good game.. I finished the game in 3.9Hours but all the information and details in that short time just wow..Sometimes it was even scary tho o.O and the loading screen also scared me 2 times xDEveryone who loves a good story with a good ambiance, Buy this amazing game!
℗
garfeild made me horny
I think this is very good game.
This Game is so interesting! It is absolutely a good B Game , just like "Getting Over It with Bennett Foddy", difficult operation and jumping, often beaten by the "empty trap" ... But if I win, I'm very happy! If a game is easy to get victory, it's not fun, isn't it?
This game is very interesting, emersive, and easy to get lost in. The story is compelling and makes a lot of references to the game's prequal, Disturbed, as well as to some classic literature. I've only played for four hours and have yet to reach one of the 11 endings. There are so many places to explore, lots of random encounters, and many, many ways to die. A lot of the beginning is trial and error. Once you learn what not to do, it's much easier to continue through the game. A guide would be very useful in a game like this, especially for those who get impatient and die all the time (like me haha).The art style is very unique and adds to the cryptic feel of the game, on top of the spookey sound effects. It does take a little while to get used to the feel of clicking your way around, especially when there's so many paths connect to eachother. The game is pretty new so don't expect it to be perfect, despite that though, it's very well done for being made by just one person.Overall, it's a well-made game, fun and challenging, not to mention scary and depressing. It's not for everyone, but it's not a bad price for the amount of gameplay it offers.
love the game but can you put in a option to change the colors i am color blind and i have to look at the shapes on the ball before launching them. just a simple color and or shape change menu on the balls would be nice. you can put in a system were you have a drop down tab that has the primary, secondary and black and white for the colors to pick out of.
original idea, drift and zombies mess to combine together, it is very original, I liked it, clearly
its ok, follows guide lines closely ;(
I have liked this game for a long time.
A nice little RPG with attention to small details.Creates atmosphere well, visuals look good and story hits close.The flaw that sticks out is the (very) poor translation, to my understanding caused by the game's deadline
Damn love it  :*)
Not bad, though poor in variety regarding environment, environmental ambience and enemies.Kinda boring but a solid foundation in an indie fps. I hope to see more from these guys.
Just got this gem in a bundle with Tropical Hockey and i gotta say I'm surprised how fun they are! Played both for couple of hours and they were very nice. Basketball had amazing physics and felt really smooth, the graphics were very cute and pleasing! Maybe i'd recommend to the devs to add some sort of multiplayer or maybe a leader board and some other maps or modes, but it was well worth the price. All in all, i highly recommend this game, it's on sale and in a bundle so it's really a steal. I see the devs here are active and are working on them so i think they will be worth the full price once they release the final version. 
The core mechanic of assembling poker hands and matching them up is simple but very engaging. It's fun to try and maximize you odds, or make the best of a bad break. Feels like the solitaire games on windows, in a good way.The art style is unique. It has a pulp-comics vibe that you don't see that much these days. I'm not much of a WWII buff, but I imagine a fan of that history would really dig the aesthetic of this game.Overall, this is a nice game to kill time with, and has a very accessible learning curve. A perfect game to gift a relative who may be new to games.
Chilled out solitaire and mahjong.
I think this is a really good game, as it is in alpha stages, the Support team are really quick to answer questions. i really recommend the game to anyone. the Fire is very realistic and spreads like a real fire however i think it would be good if you add more smoke like a real fire but apart from that its really good also it would be nice if you add fire engines however i understand the game is still in alpha stages but good game!
Great casual game if you get it for a few bucks.  It took me about three hours to finish without trying to finish it (you can go back to earlier levels if you want to earn more cash to unlock better upgrades).  It has a bit of Missile Command to it if you're old enough to remember that game, in that you spend some effort timing incoming missiles and figuring out the lead to allow.  The secondary weapons are a great addition, and they're easy to use.Definitely a fun game you can pick up and play in about 10 seconds.
This game hurt my brain.
This game is very fun and was exactly what I was looking for. A casual Air Traffic Control game that can be relaxing at level 0 or very intense at level 10. I wish they made a casual flying game like this with easy controls. Anyone can play this game. Lots of fun.
10/10I will use this game as a basis for my next shadow the hedgehog fanfiction.
IGN 10/10 BETTER THAN ZELDA
***EDIT***The Developer has basically changed everything that I complained about! The weapons feel better, quicker to rearm, more game modes and maps. He is updating and seems to be generally interested in feedback. Also when I revisited this game, I looked at the price tag and I have changed my mind. For the price, it’s pretty fun. I still think this would sit better on a mobile but if you want a game to maybe kill 10 minutes on for not much money then you could do worse. Hope he keeps updating, developing and adding more!Please see original review belowI've loved arcade Helicopter games since going back to the days of Desert Storm on the Mega Drive.So when I saw this hit Early Access I added it to my wish list and waited for it to hit the store, I’ve now picked it up and well its rather unimpressive.  However, for the price its hard to be too overly critical as its the price of semi decent mobile game these days.Let’s start by saying the controls have being improved which was one of my issues when I was looking through the reviews of the games. A very simple go up, go down, move concept. The flying physics and visuals are pretty simple, in my short playthrough I saw lots of clipping, my units just standing around getting shot etc. The weapons are pretty bland too, not too much in the way of feedback or punch Its major problem is the core gameplay is just boring, killing wave after wave of repetitive enemy types, which are for some reason mutants who can drive tanks, cars and fire guns, I didn't play it long enough to find out if they had learnt to fly.  My biggest gripe was the refilling of ammo which you have to land at base and it takes a fair amount of time to fill up, making the gameplay even SLOWER.Now to be fair to the Dev this doesn't seem like an asset flip, they have responded when people said the controls were bad and the pricing structure is about at the moment what’s it worth.  For this title to work, it needs to be fun, more explosions, faster reloading, more feedback on weapons.  Forget the semi-realistic feel of it, go arcade and have some fun with it!Since I couldn't find ANY videos I recorded one so check it out below.https://youtu.be/Jdu0W07YCTw
it s relaxing and casual i like it
This game isn't going to change the face of gaming and it's not going to supply hundreds of hours of gameplay. It's just a cute, simple platformer, without artifice or pretense, that seems likely to be great for little kids learning how to engage with video games. And look, I'm in my 30s, my most played Steam games are Paradox strategy games, and I just finished marathoning through Prey; I'm not trying to claim hardcore credentials here, I'm just saying it's perfectly acceptable for a game to know what it wants to do and to do it, and it doesn't need to have lofty goals to still be worth a little bit of attention.It could stand to have more responsive controls, yes, but they're by no means bad enough to take away from the experience. The load times are quite long, and "shorter load times" isn't very helpful as a suggestion, so instead I'll suggest what if loading screens including short and simply-written facts about cats? It'd give kids something to read while they wait and maybe teach them a couple of things as well?In the end what matters is that I had a fun and relaxed time playing this game and I realized while I was playing I had a happy little smile on my face. Very pleasant to just run around in for a little while when the world is being awful. I don't really know if I could demand much more.
za stalina i lenina! slava rossii! we have tigers and space) russkii nuke kill all usa))))
So I tried this out and it is a little confusing getting into.  But when you get past that it was fun seeing where the narrative went.  I am not sure where I was supposed to go or what I was supposed to do but really the game is worth playing through more than once to see what kinds of endings you can get.  You will die, but don't be discouraged because I think that is common.  I died a lot....lol
The game is absolutely worthy of the price, the game screen is good, but it can be done more elaborately, I feel that it is not difficult to operate at the beginning, although I choose the entry level, but it actually feels very rare in actual play. the BGM is particularly nice, as soon as I enter the game I was surprised, but the action of PC is too monotonous, and it will get tired after watching for a long time. I hope the studio can increase the details of PC. There will be stuck during the battle, which may be the reason for my compute. It is worth recommending, you can see the professional level of the studio.
Before you download this game, please be aware that this will be the death of you if you try to finish it. Its a hard game, really hard game. And Im not joking, Ive caused myself a lot of stress and anger trying to complete this (at this point in time I still havent, but Im very close) But for the sake of it, buy it. A lot of effort has been put into this game and it needs more support than what it has right now.
I have one question, it is so different between playing white and black ? Black plays worse than white.
I would compare this to the Raiden series, and it's a good shmup, and can be difficult too because it has that checkpoint mechanic where when you die, you start back at the checkpoint. Reminds me of Gradius and R-Type with that mechanic, and it provides a good challenge for anyone, and with multiple difficulty options it's approachable. It's a simple game with a good challenge, I think you'll find some enjoyment out of this, especially with ten levels to enjoy as you shoot down whatever is in front of you and destroy the end boss.
Look, sometimes... when life gets ruff, you gotta do some cute pupper puzzles.
Honestly, this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game. BUT, because its so cheap i have to say if you and your friends are looking for fun then get it! We played for about 20 minutes and we couldnt stop laughing it was great. It stopped being funny after about 20 minutes but hey, its $5 what can you expect
pogchamp
Casual slow paced game. Really addicting and fun.
Take this yes with a _massive_ grain of salt. I can't simply bring myself to say "No, do not buy this game", because to be honest I enjoyed it. However, there are a lot of things holding the game back.First off, let's talk about what I enjoyed about the game. The premise of the game is to complete a bunch of puzzles by activating a certain box, which is by far and away the most inadequate explanation for a game, but it's the most I can say without spoiling the game. This is a very interesting concept, and I did have fun solving the puzzles. It's very important for a puzzle game to leave you thinking "Boy, I solved that puzzle! I'm pretty smart!" On another topic, this is a very "artsy" game, and the atmosphere has to be (and is definitely) executed beautifully. The "story" had me wondering what on Earth, or where on Earth, I was. The minimalism put me in the position of having to wonder exactly what I was doing, and it definitely had me guessing, in a sort of existentialist way. This all comes together to make a nice game, and I believe that lots can be done with this premise!Now let's talk about all the glaring downsides of the game. This game is absolutely gorgeous. I think. I wouldn't know, I played on low graphics settings and at times I found myself rolling up a hill whose texture looked like I was rolling up / through a set of stairs. Then again, I'm playing on a Dell i5 laptop, so I wasn't expecting much from the graphics department. The low settings may also explain why whenever I plunged into water that kills me, I see myself falling below the game world for half a second. Or is that the physics engine? One of those two departments has to fix that.Speaking of game physics, this is to me personally the most infuriating flaw of the game. More than once I have found myself stuck _inside_ the ground. Other times, when I break the sound barrier, I fly _into_ rock formations. No, they don't shatter, I just seem to become one with the rock. That's easily escapable though since rocks are actually made of air in the middle. There's also this one part where there is a current that drags your ball to the edge... of a pool... for some reason... and if you don't act quickly you're going to be stuck there for the next few minutes trying to boost your way out. Finally, there are parts where you will encounter the infamous Invisible Wall. Even though the game is trying to take you in one particular direction, it does it in such a way that, if you didn't have the Invisible Wall blocking your way, you can hop onto the top of the edge of the area that you're currently in. I was incredibly let down when I saw this. If I was able to roll on the edge of the arena, that would have given me the feeling that I'm "beating the system", and mastering how to control the game.On a personal note, I was disappointed with the lack of difficulty of the game outside of the puzzles. To access each puzzle, you had to wander around a world collecting X-thingies to activate Y-thingies, and open the puzzle. It turns out that you only need to collect three X's to unlock each Y. This killed my ambition to go hunting for X's, or spending effort to catch the X's that are hard to reach, essentially eliminating a possibly very interesting game mechanic.This last oversight is so big to me that I have to count it as a flaw. No level editor? Really??? The level designs were really impressive in the game, and here they are not taking advantage of the potential creativity of their audience. A level editor would practically have the players make the game themselves, minus the artsy portions.So why do I say "yes" when the list of downsides is more than thrice as long as the list of upsides? I feel that there is so much potential with this game, and I am willing to bet that Impromptu Games is not done with it yet. It may not be the longest game (though I feel that for the given premise the story length is perfect), and it may look incomplete, but I firmly believe that the Devs have more planned for InFlux. Perhaps a game patch, a level editor, or multiple story arcs with each journey eliciting different emotions. Whatever it is, I'm excited for the future of this game.As for the price, I'm very confident that the Devs can make this game easily worth $10 and then some. But for now... it'd be best to wait for the Steam sale.
Very fun with family and friends. Probably the favorite game with everyone here. Pros: Quick roundsEasy to learn how to playFun for everyoneMeh:To teleport you have to hold the trackpad and then squeeze the trigger (I prefer a quick press on the trackpad)Cons:It's possible to rip the drawers out and have them slide across the room.With sharing the vr headset so much it can get a bit sweaty. :acduck:All in all its a fun game. Recommended
Qix. Updated.Steal parts of the board from the bouncing planets. Get as much as you can.Highly addictive. So...be forwarned.Best coupla bucks spent in a long time...
Fun game for casual play. Puzzles are logical and require moving letters around to form target words within a given amount of moves. New methods to move letters are introduced gradually and add to the gameplay.Easy to drop in for a few word puzzles when time permits.  No pressure to race through unless self imposed.Good game for a very reasonable price/
I am not robot. I am human.
Each stage is unique to a different part of life, which provides for a fun experience that is not your usual repetetive puzzle game. There are some minor bugs, but since it is an early access game that is expected.  Also it's pretty cool that the game developer is still in highschool.
Nice clicker with good artworks and music
TRUCKING AMAZING
Excellent touhou mini card game ever !however , there is no eng subs , thus u have to wait it for those who doesnt know chinese
I like the idea of the game but should be early access for now
One of my favorite games currently!This game has a great story and an overall awesome flow of action, highly reccomend if you like intense firefights and explosive scenes!
+ Nice Animations+ Leaderboards+ Feels very responsive when using wired xbox one controller+ Addicting- Music gets repetitive after a few roundsOpinion:# More gamemodes would be better (currently only 2 Frenzy and Recall)# Some type of co-oprative/vs - online/local mode would make the game more competitve# Would like more information after a run is complete (it would be nice to know average speed or number times wrong button is pressed along with the score)
this is the best game i have ever ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ played i cant stop it its the best game i cant stop the best game i cant stop the best game its the best the best game its the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game i cant game i stop i cannot best game stop stop the stop game the best gamei cant stop the game its is the game.
A fun little game with a simple premise. Very casual and a good time waster. Graphics are cute.
Pretty much what you expect from the holy potatoes franchise
very faithful to the boardgame but the expansions are missing
Excellent graphics and ship movement. Need to be able so set the sails and simulate going somewhere.
this is a relaxing game
Great idea.The author is well done.Port it on android and ios.I RECOMMEND.
10 minutes and game is completed! This is 1st Golf game without golf club!!! Awsome, 10 of 10, go buy it u prick!
Cool game! In this game you have to think.
If you enjoy the Wallace and Gromit shorts, the story feels authentic to those in the cartoons. The voice actor for Wallace is also the same, making the game feel very authentic. If you really don't like point and clicks then I would pass, but even if you enjoy them reasonably well you will get a kick out of the game.Also, why so many crackers?!?!
Wow, what a cool game. 2009 games are the best.
Fun
哈哈  值得购买
.
Finally it came to Steam! I've been looking forward to this game for years. The story line is amazing, filling up the gap between Crimson Imprint (my favorite) and Violet:Re. Pros: low price, nice illustation, interesting story line, after-story of Du Lin, the hero in Crimson ImprintCons: CV with echo, low resolutionGuide for potential buyers: no R18 scene, no choice, Simplifed Chinese only, Mandarin only, 27 achievements unlocked with single play through approximately 7.5 hrs if you go through full audioIt is quite a pity that Hollowings is not exploring English market for now. Really wish to share this game with foreign fans. Looking forward to their next release. Would that be Violet:Re?
First, please see my hours played and, if you like, achievements for this game. Unlike most reviewers, I have actually played it long enough to figure it out.This is a small, relatively simple (but still surprisingly deep) turn-based hex-grid strategy game with somewhat generic characters, simple graphics, and simple animations. It'll likely run on half of a potato. It's also $3 USD. It's not hard, but it's not too easy, and you definitely need to invest the time to learn the game's quirks before you're going to "get it," as evidenced by many of the other reviews. It has some bugs. The Grim Reaper will crash the game, as will hovering over skills for angels. As long as you leave those two units out of the mix, which is easily done, the game is completely stable. Considering this under $5 game is nearly four years, its time may have come and gone, but who knows, the developer might come back and patch it up for those two units. More than likely, they worked fine four years ago, but since the forum community here on Steam went completely dead back in 2016, I can understand why the developer might just decide not to mess with it. Four years can introduce a lot of goofy bugs from various hardware, drivers, and Windows itself. BYO music as the music in-game is the one really nice metal track, one less nice track that fits the game's graphics significantly better and...that's it for music. Aside from those minor bugs, the game is very playable and fun, so long as you like turn-based strategy games. It's definitely worth more than the asking price, though maybe not a whole lot more. That said, I got 42 hours of fun out of it, so maybe it's extremely underpriced.
This really made my day better!It tells you what to do and what not to do, especially if you're new to this whole thing.And if you're going through something similar than this helps fill that hole.All in all, Great game!RECOMMENDED
pretty cool only played for like 3 minutes tho
So far, I've finished Samuel's route and I'm almost finished with Brian's. I plan to update this review once I finish the game.Being split between an RPG and a visual novel, it's not particularly strong on either front, but it's still entertaining enough to recommend. The dungeon-crawing element gets repetitive after a while (for reference, I still have 3 routes to go and I'm getting bored), but it's relaxing in a mindless sort of way. As for the characters...they're a mixed bag. I get that not every gamer likes nice boys (I do), but Samuel's route left me kinda floored in some of his early behavior. I'm not looking forward to Ben's route (again, he seems super rude, though I'm sure there's an audience for that), but William and Walter seem pleasant enough. I can say one thing: it's rare to see a dating sim with characters this overtly flawed and zero excuses for it, so that's at least interesting. Further, it's nice to see a dating sim with older men released in English--I feel that that's a sadly overlooked niche. This game has some pretty hilarious dialogue. Brian's route is a gold mine of tongue-in-cheek entitlement from our resident ex-noble, and Maria's refusal to take (most of) the guys' crap leads to some pretty funny scenarios. I'm particularly fond of Walter and his sweet-smelling zombies.Overall, I'd recommend this (especially on sale). It's kinda grindy and the characters may not appeal to everyone, but it's pretty funny and pleasant enough to warrant playing.
这游戏现在没法适应MacBoo的屏幕啊，根本看不到下面的画面，游戏点进去后根本就玩不了不过动画挺好看的配乐也不错跪求各位IT大大赶紧优化适应MacBook的屏幕啊!谢谢了！
The game seemed cool but without proper controller support it is essentially unplayable. EDIT: While the issue seems to not be fixed yet, the developer is working to get it fixed and it feels unfair to not recommend the game when it's evident the dev does listen when there are issues, and works to fix them ASAP.
-Family friendly game.-A fun game to play.-Best to be played using a controller (Xbox One controller works after installing the driver from Microsoft's Website)-Game character design are cute!!! Wish there are game merchandise like a stuffed toy. I would definitely buy those game merchandise. Developers? Are you reading this??? Need game merchandise such as stuffed toy!!!-Challenging to play but not intimidating.-The OST blends right into the gameplay making it lively.In this game. basically the player controls both characters at the same time. Left half of the controller is reserved for the brown goat. Right half of the controller is reserved for the white goat (or sheep?).Love the OST!!!
Good game, only wish there was more steam trains and passenger cars 4/5 stars
Take that is a fast-paced Western shooting game. Which has many mods aside from the Story that can make you play this game for a bit longer time.Pros:This game doesn't have too many pros but I'll mention the most important 2 for me.-The developers made a realistic version of the game which look amazingly good. It’s nowhere near RDR2 but it’s something to play with. -Many mods that can make you play a tidy bit longer. So, the game has other stuff to offer.Cons:This is where it gets interesting. The game has many flaws and missing or wrong audio. Let’s start this list.-There’s no sound for footsteps and the atmosphere is awfully quiet. Could have loved some music in the background or even some air passing by. -Wrong audio sounds for weapons in the DLC (Fire, reload). (Yes, I’m looking at whoever made the audio)-Wrong animations for reload for most weapons or even all of them in the DLC. (I’m also looking at you animator)-The Story is quite simple yet so short. I managed to finish it in 7 minutes or so. Thou I didn’t understand much from the story but I get the main point.-The hero spawns with too much weapons rather than just finding them. I mean how is it possible to carry all that weight and still running?-I encountered some hit register issues. Which I shoot 2 mags to the head with a Sniper and the AI still didn’t even take damage.-You just teleport through doors, meaning that there isn’t any door opening/closing animation. And the houses need a bit of renovating. Despite they’re full of probs they look empty to me.-I was expecting this game to have some kind of Co-op/Lan. Because it’s really fun to play it with friends. I hope that’s going to be added sooner or later.OverallTake that is a good game to pass time because of its fast-paced theme, and the mods add to the replayability factor. The developers seem to listen to their fans, and that’s good thing to do. Overall, it’s a good game, 6.6 rating.
The language style of the game has the right sense of humor as ”blue joke“, which always makes me laugh.The interesting and tragic setting of the hero makes the whole work have a sense of black humor, and this will resonate with many players (even though im a girlChinese translators are not only professional but also have a good sense of humor. I feel that the localization of translation has been done well.Good game, worth playing.
Luther is annoying &gt;:(
For me, it is a nice and casual game, almost feeling like a stress-reliever game. The goal is simple to achieve, and there's nothing too risky about matching two identical tiles- unless you're pressured to do it quickly when you have less time. The "Medieval Fantasy" style kinda adds in more detail to the game, especially if someone is an RPG fan or an anime fan. All in to say, it is a simple/casual game anyone who would want to relieve their stress.
better gambling then any ea game
Maybe I'm not from Russia, but I like this game, too.It has a very minimalistic style, something I prefer, and if you play it with friends you can have funny hours with it, even if you're not sitting next to them.
7/10
You can pet catgirls.
EZ for me
An enjoyable cute little pixel art sloth game, highly reccomended for any fans of games such as Binding of Isaac10/10
This game will make you lough out loudly and uncontrollably
I got this game along with the Tsunami Games bundle. Really this game exceeded my expectations, because I actually had a great time playing it and I wasn't even expecting that much. While it's a short main play-through VN, there are quite a few endings. I was surprised by the variety in the character personalities though the main character's best friend can be annoyingly immature at points, but I chalk that up to the character's age and motivations. Art is lovely, and I adored the sprite expressions. Enjoyed the interactive elements that allowed us to snoop around the environment to learn more. Sfx are peachy. Decision tree isn't entirely predictable. Translation was spot-on for the most part. Little-to-no errors or awkward dialogue. Quantity of endings relative to game length is high, and how "justified" those endings feel based on the story content is pretty dang good. The "harem" or "poly" ending in which the MC doesn't have to choose was done better than I thought it would be. (I was surprised to realize it was in there at all, even more so that it was done reasonably well.)What really "got me" in this game was the way our protag's social anxiety was portrayed and how it affected her decisions, perceptions, and relationships. A protag with anxiety like this is rare for a VN, and rarer still is it that the anxiety is handled tastefully and believably. It impacts things. It matters. Like it's obviously not the greatest portrayal of an anxious character in all of literature ever, but compared to a lot of the genre, I think Typical far surpasses the norm. Of the three games in the bundle I personally felt Typical was the best.
3 hours  well spent. Interesting and looks good
An awesome game ! I've finished it years ago, but still remember the story, locations and some gameplay moments. I'd recommend you to buy it if you like romantic stories.
The game is great, but here's a few things that bugged me:- The audio settings are broken, no matter how much I turn the game volume down, it stays the same.- The storyline is basic, and the same thing over and over again with a different location.- the civs that you have to save are buggy, there will be one little piece of fire 10 feet away, and they'll stop.Most of these complaints summed up are basically just: The game is old, there's no way in hell the game is gonna be worked on more.Besides that I like the game, the game is old, but pretty good compared to other firefighting games.
VR pictionary. 9/10
Really good game, satesfying as hell especially on the early levels. Many of the levels are taken from the original flash game but remade with better graphics.. super cool throwback if you (Like me) played the flash game before this one.The controls are very slippery and it almost seems like the grey goo is constantly on ice, but you'll get used to it. Fun level designs with good audio and the classical songs, though allot of levels were really repetetive. Suprisingly hard aswell, especially the water levels. Wich is good to a degree but some levels were just needlessly hard and boring to re do over and over again. However the different music everytime you die makes up for some of it.MANY Levels to explore and some different game modes, and comical cutscenes (Though not really that well made ones, still funny none the less.) Definetly something to keep you busy many hours unlike the 45 minute experience of the flash version. Replayability is limited as it's not exactly that fun to re do levels but the fact that getting gold medals is almost impossible makes you really want to reach for the stars!A cheap price for a good game, would have liked to see some more mechanics and features like character changing and so on. But all around a good and HARD game! 73/100
like to play this game
This game is a treasure for puzzle lovers! These levels just get harder and harder. I mean, I had planned on going to sleep a couple of hours ago and I cannot believe how addictive this game is!I haven't taken my eyes off the screen, its starts off so simple and easy, but the challenge takes off like a rocket!Yea you might have gotten to the objective, but did you do it in the fewest amount of moves? Did you complete it fast enough? You'd be surprised on how much this game knocks you on your ***!Great game to have in your library!Thank you for the hours of gameplay!
What is love? What are sisters? Love Ribbon offers you a romantic drama with the yuri (girl love) theme. It’s a visual novel that read away quite easily as you get enough dialogue to get to know the characters. Written on first impression of first play-throughLikesLove Ribbon has a decent story. It has some typical tropes you would expect from an anime themed game. The first half felt quite relaxed as you get the know the main character, Iris. The descriptive narrative is also from her point of view. The exiting part as you discover her lesbian tendencies  together with her is something I would love to have a more spice, or rather to get a better feeling of getting sucked in the story.When Zoey enters the story things start to speed up and you get to make dialogue choices. The answers and reactions are well written and aimed to keep them in-character for Zoey and Iris. Because the story is mainly focused around our 2 girl, the rest of the cast is almost absent. I feel like there lacked some interaction as normal humans. However, the father did make up for that for being the best dad.The background music is spot on and very calming. I didn’t get annoyed or bored while listing to the background music. It can set the mood just right to give that little extra edge to all the drama that is happening.The best part can be added with the free dlc (the thing where you came for).What could be betterLove Ribbon is quite short and can be finished within 3 hours. There are basically 2 endings which are tied to one decision (and it’s pretty obvious which one). Other than that, another minor point is that there is no button to read the past dialogue. You need to go from a save point and skip to the moment you want to go.PerformanceWell for a light novel you won’t need a fast processor. I didn’t experience any lag, bugs or other technical shortcomingsDevelop promisesThe developer has made some promises on the store pageAnimated CGs! Special scenes have animated introsThere are indeed animated scenes, but there are few of them and are rather short.Yuri visual novel about an attraction between two sistersYes!In-game choices change the endingAs cool as it sounds, only a few lines change with each different choice. There are only 2 major choices, you get the good end or the bad end and Zoey licks your but or she won’t.1080p window &amp; full screen optionsQuality visuals with appealing art.After-wordIf you liked the review leave a like &lt;3. If you didn't let me know in a comment, thank!When you do have a free weekend I definitely recommend this if you like visual novels  and the yuri anime trope. It is definitely a bang for your buck or grab it when it’s on sale UwU
Wow, it's like classic zuma but in 3D and it's all around you in VR, it's crazy, the game is so immersive.Very nice and smooth graphics.120 levels? Huh, a lot of fun for a few days.
Very Funny Game
This Game is Fun and challenging. It requires timing and reflexes to have fun. Made me rage quit a couple of times. Its a Good first platform game. Witch it is my first game like this. So thats probaly why I like it who knows? But for only 1.99 there is not much to lose. Just dont be a jew and buy it!
Awesome game, very challenging, and it supports over 60fps! The only issue I can see is: there is no option to quit out of the game, at least on windows 10.  If I want to quit out of it I have to quit from the taskbar.  Maybe add an "exit game" button in the menu screen?
First picross game and it's great.  Starts easy enough and then you have to really think.  Definitely a must-buy for the fun, cheap price and a very worthy cause.
I played it while a game was downloading and it was lots of fun (and I wanted the game to take longer to download because I wanted to play more). It's nothing crazy, but if your bored and want to play something fun and easy try this.
These games make me wet on 144hz monitors.
Fun and adorable game
The true Ukrainian experience
It is a good game!I hope next version will be better. And not fast game so you have to take some time!
Reminiscent of those old flash rage games. The music is cheery, but gets a little repetitive after a while. The game itself is fun, but some of the levels have ridiculous challenges where skill doesn't matter, you just have to have blind luck. Overall, though, the game is fun, and it's worth 2 dollars and half an hour of my time.
Fun and interesting game. I owned the boardgame version but this hard time force me to play with computer. More fun with song and sounds effect than playing solo mode. Sometimes the dice rolls is a cheat but no hard feeling.
Far From Noise stands out greatly from many other indie games in the way that it's presented. This is not a game for someone looking for fast-paced action, complex gameplay or an array of mechanics, this is a slow, emotional ride. Despite it's simplicity (the entirety of the gameplay consists of choosing your character's dialogue), this is one of the most well-written games I've played in quite a while. In a way, it feels less like a "game", and more like an experience. The main character is a person inside a car hanging on the edge of a cliff, and over the roughly hour-and-a-half that this game takes, they ponder many big topics, such as life, death, philosophy, the nature of creativity, nature itself and many others. This game is for relaxing and unwinding after a stressful day, it's about investing yourself in another world, it's about grounding yourself if you feel overwhelmed with your own life. Obviously not everyone is going to like it, but if you'll give this game a chance I think it will really affect you (in a good way).
I found myself bored on a rainy Saturday and as I was browsing through the Steam VR store one particular game caught my eye - Happy Penguin VR. The game is similar to Angry Birds in the sense that you have to fling a penguin in the air and then navigate it to hit certain bases and rings. The game is meant for the casual VR gamer as there are no levels in particular and the content is pretty limited.Gameplay 3.5/5Price 5/5Replayability 3/5Full Review: https://thevrbase.com/happy-penguin-vr-review/
I am brutaly honest: Seeing those crude models and animations, I expected this to be a complete trash game and only bought it because I was desperately looking for a Ace Attourney like game. And boy, was I wrong, and happy about it. I can say in all confidence that this is a true gem.Many characters are clearly inspired by characters of the Phoenix Wright series; there is your new Maya, Gumshoe, a combined Edgeworth and Mia, of course you, Phoenix Wright, and even a Iris Hawthorne. Fortuanately, they left out all the spiritual and supernatural stuff, which never felt right in a series about -- you know? -- evidence. Generally, the characters are still over the top, as they should be; but they toned them down a bit, so they are nicer and more reasonable than they are in Ace Attorney, which makes it  much more enjoyable. Also, the court proceedings are much more civil and less frustrating, as the court doesn't just make up new rules and isn't so much biased against you, the defense. Also, much less outlandish moon logic is required.Remember how frustrating the sections between trials were in Ace Attorney? Good thing they didn't repeat this error. You still have to look for evidence, but you cannot leave the area without finding all clues. You are not expected to revisit locations in a specific order to trigger events. Also, you are not barred from progressing because you fail to show some very specific piece of evidence to a specific witness, which often just turned into a trial-and-error process. The emphasise of this game is clearly towards the actual trials and visual story telling.And about that story: It is seriously good! The story telling makes up for all the bad graphics. Yes, the plot is a bit outlandish -- how could it not be? But at least it is not completely unthinkable like the supernatural BS of Ace Attorney. It is touching and tragic and the author can clearly wright. I sincerely hope to see a BoP 2.
Behind The Truth is a VN that tackles the theme of criminalities that happened in real life. Tragedy, suspense, romance, and life struggle, all in one. In this VN, you will play as Ji Zhe, a bold female intern reporter that strive to be better in her job. Ji Zhe who will never give up and full of curiosity will bring you to chronological incidents that appealing to be reported. Actually, for me Ji Zhe is more than just an intern reporter here. She is also like a detective that trying to solve the case down to the roots. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2343688475The best words to describe this VN are "truly beyond expectations". I saw this VN often included in a quite cheap bundle, so people will underestimate its story at first. This VN has compelling stories that rich of moral messages and spirit to defend the truth and justice. Definitely a VN that will make you crave for more! Besides the main story, the extra stories also worth your playtime because Ji Zhe will report and solve other interesting cases. Anyway, this is such an intriguing VN that will make you immerse in its story, so prepare your snack and beverage before you jump into the fun journey of a passionate intern reporter!https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2343400151
30minVR STEAM Group /  STEAM CuratorGAMEPLAY VIDEO: https://youtu.be/T4IOLg0eeKMVR EXERCISE RATING: COMFORTABLEGAMEPLAY RATING: GOODREVIEW:A 100% Badmington simulator? Not quite, but within striking distance to feel like you're playing the game. Gameplay is fluid and has a great rhythm. The graphics are decent and the computer player animations for the most part are convincing, they run after the shuttlecock and strike correctly. Sometimes to reach the final position to strike they teleport a few inches, but it's not distracting.The game physics aren't 100% accurate to real life, but still remains convincing; placing your shots and speed/power of your racket feels natural. Having two locomotion options is great, the default method is best if you can stomach being zipped around the court.I haven't been able to find a mp game so can't comment if the netcode is stable. But I'm happy with the AI matches, they provide a fair game. But you can easily win every point by hitting short shots and the AI will always return the shuttlecock into the net. This does makes all difficulty levels easily winnable. Quite honestly I didn't notice a difference in the levels anyway and can beat the AI by quite a points margin every time.The game does lack tournaments, with the only option is picking one of three difficulty levels where a random opponent is then picked to challenge for a match. That's a shame, the additional mini-games are fun, but with no tournament feature the game does feel it's missing something.Nevertheless High Clear VR is fun but at £14.99 it's a stretch, and personally I don't think it's worth that much. I picked this up during a 50% off sale which is a fairer match for the content.
Great music! game pictures don't do justice. Experience this awesome trippy thing. Also see Boxplosion and Blortasia.
well what can i say iam a veteran in the rpg games world played alot off the old Final Fantasy also some others games and this game gave me much fun. Game mechanics are good cant complain . About the story well "basic" Story i guess dont want 2 spoiler anything but let me say you will apriciate it. I was a little bit disapointed cause the romance part was weak in my opinion and the publisher could work on that in his/her future projekts. summarized its a solid RPG game if you enjoy Yuri and the old RPG games you will love this game or atleast have a lot of fun with it.PS Keep the yuri romance stuff alive its refreshing and personaly iam a fan of it
I'm very glad that you like our game. We are already taking the time to deal with the problem you mentioned, and we will optimize it in the future.
I'd feel bad giving a negative review to an 89 cent game.  And it's cute.  So I won't.But I felt someone should tell people what they're getting into here.  I found this game by searching steam's games categorized as "clicker".  This is not a clicker.  No mouse use involved in this game whatsoever.  Nothing incremental, no upgrades, nothing like that.What this is... a karate cat stands in front of a board.  A bar next to the cat has a line that moves up and down on it.  There is a red line somewhere on the bar.  If you hit the space key while the moving line is right over the red line, the cat breaks the board, and gets to try to break another one.  Otherwise, the cat cries.  Real tears.So, you get to see how many boards you can break in a row.  That's it.  There are other cats in other uniforms you can eventually buy if you break enough boards in a row.  I'm pretty sure if you do buy a new cat, the game stays exactly the same.Not hating on this game.  But you should know what this is.  If timing is really your thing, here it is.And it is kind of cute anyways.9 minutes before reviewing but I think 900 minutes would tell me the same thing.Maybe some day I'll discover that highly refined timing skills is the secret to life and this game is an under-the-radar gift from the gods.  Then I'll come back and play this for hours.  Til then... it was fun watching a karate cat cry.  And I'm not mean either. I like cats.
Great time killer
Really nice game, I would highly recommend it. Interesting approach to gameplay. Lots of fun and great music too!
Pretty good so far, exited to play the rest
Fun simple puzzle game. Not particularly any RPG aspects but has an RPG atmosphere to it.Plays more like a simple puzzle game that is somewhat engaging.
One of my favorite games ever.Thanks, 39daph.
cursed UE4 based MMD
It's such a simple game, and enjoyable at the same time.Keep jumping and get those screws, but don't "screw up", if you know what i mean.I hope the developers will add some new features.
very good
its an ok game
This is an update on my last review.  They have put out a update on this game and fixed everything. The game now runs smooth all the way without a glitch ! Thank you Steam.
Very cool game that takes me back to the era of CoD MW2. Excited to see what the future will bring for this game!
I have no idea but I went straight to defeat the witch in her castle after the ring unlocked the hand...Therefore I do not know whether the "exploring of the witch castle" is actually in the game or not 0.0Except for this, is a pretty fun game, but you have to figure out the puzzle throughout the game without any tinny winny bit of clue.
:)
Nice Game. It's loads of fun and the new Tournament mode with chat is a nice addition to the Singleplayer.
Good game, I didn't expect it to get as dark as it did but I felt it was handled and written well. Although I think Kanae needs a therapist rather than a boyfriend. Other than that the MC is amazing, I really enjoyed see Haru overcome his demons and face his past I even teared up a bit at the end. I've only completed two routes so far but I can't wait for Jin's he was honestly the reason I bought the game in the first place lol.
 Review after June 18 major upgrade   Introduction Bot Colony is an ambitious title, aiming to provide a non-scripted story by allowing you to freely converse with robots. If you enjoyed literary works like 'Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep', Isaac Asimov's Robot series, movies like 'Space Oddysey 2001'(not one of my favorites though) or Anime like 'Ghost in the Shell' and 'Psycho-Pass', you'll find a similar setting here. An important remark is that most of the gameplay is text (or speech) conversations, which at times can be both agitating and humorous, and that might not appeal to everyone. Currently, the game is made of 2 episodes: Intruder and Arrival.   Intruder You have 2 objectives. The first one is erasing evidence of a thief breaking into the house, by commanding a robot (Jimmy). The other one is an investigation mission, which you can do at the same time, in which you question Jimmy about what happened at the house in the last 48 hrs. Jimmy will be saying some of his remarks/facts while moving around the house, which can be used as hints to what to ask. Although it might be a struggle at first, once you get used to commanding Jimmy (i recommend reading through  the Robot Manual Guide). Arrival This is the first "real mission". it consists of multiple objectives that you'll discover while playing, talking with the receptionist, finding your luggage, finding a bag containing a bomb, within a time limit, getting a ride to your next location. A memorable moment was the talk with Charlie, a cleaner bot who'll help you with getting your ride.  After 30 minutes of aggravation by asking all the bots about getting clearance for the ride, I was seriously amused when I realized the correct question line on how to get to the ride   Summary I enjoyed my playtime with BotColony and I'll be waiting for any further updates. If you have any interest on how the robots operate and your interaction with them, I'm sure you'll also enjoy it. While if you're only focused on 'the result' or why the robot isn't doing what you 'clearly' are telling it, you might have a rough ride. Keep also in mind that the game is an early access title, and not everything is polished yet. P.S. I played mostly through typing, Voice recognition is pretty decent with the new Microsoft API, but i find it more convenient to type. That said, voice recognition is not made by the developers and is one of the best available on the market. Also the devs like to hear community feedback, so feel free to drop your thoughts on the forums.
Got this on the week long deal, and for what I paid, I'm pretty impressed.  Makes good use of the Unreal engine, the environments are well built and with the settings turned up it's a good looking game. The natural hub environments contrast nicely with the more artifical puzzle aspects.  Gameplay wise, this doesn't provide any real additions or major change-ups to the puzzle-platformer genre, but executes it nicely in a comfortable and relaxing style.  Usually the goal is to move color-coded spheres into the matching recepticles using a fairly diverse set of standard puzzling mechanics, including push/pull, lifts, buttons, and level rotators. Gamepad support worked flawlessly for all aspects (I used an Xbox controller, you'll want something with two joysticks), and I didn't encounter any bugs.  It was a bit annoying that sections of the hub environments would load during roaming, and this did create some lag, but the load times were fast so they didn't last long, and didn't occur too often.  Overall a good game for the price.
If you stay on top of the game, and make the right decisions, you'll win for sure! But if you don't have a strategy, or just do random moves, you'll get rekt! Looks deceivingly easy, but there is more to it than meets the eye!
Recommended. The plot and story rating depends on your personal prospect of view can range from 1/10 to 10/10, but I will give 10. BTW the English version really needs improvement. 7/10 at this stage I believe.Also recommended for people who are interested in learning advanced Chinese. But be aware some of the Chinese texts still inherit some Japanese (the origin of galgames) structure and grammar.For Chinese learners found it too difficult for you to understand this game, here is another recommended choice with similar topic for you,   "Gaokao Love 100 days" , an easier way to learn some Chinese while gaming.Spoiler alert: Do not try to collect FengXi's bad ending during your first attempt.....What? you ended up in this bad ending without seeking help? uuuuuhh...(facepalm)-----------------------------------------------------------------如果你喜欢接地气的剧本，平凡生活中的温馨与感动，可以去买《高考恋爱一百天》。如果你喜欢坐在电视机前看大起大落的剧情，任凭小心脏被导演玩弄于股掌之间，就买这个吧，绝对不亏。 我就把吐槽喷这儿了：一周目不看攻略进的枫茜GE，然后开始看攻略收集结局。最后收到枫茜BE的时候简直给跪了，感觉要是一周目就出这个BE会砸电脑+抑郁的。好奇害死猫。幸好一周目是GE，幸好
Best choose in fight with depression. So casual.
banger what can i say, this game use to slap during computing back in year 5, also banging to play during wet break when it was too rainy to go outside 10/10 3 bangers for like £1.70 just do it
Hello, I am Boi LorX and boiiii this game is good.
Super chill. I have enjoyed taking the ambience in one bite at a time, leaving new things to explore and surprise me.
this game is a life changer.
Trimmer tycoon is a fun fast pased game. what you should know is that you need to buy furniture and upgrade employees as fast as you can, or you have to shave about 100 beards each roung and make very little money. the only reason this game is might be bad is because you dont save your game and its anoying when you have to restart. Overall its a fun game for when you are bored.
Paid &lt; $1, was easily worth &gt; $1!
Simple, relaxing yet challenging fun.
What an incredibly sweet game with a story/world I just keep wanting to come back to. You can feel the love and tenderness just exude from every inch of this game's being. I wish there was a bit more options w/ regard to dialogue but ugh I just adored this whole experience so much. Really hit an emotional chord with me and I wanna thank everyone who worked on this for providing an intensely cathartic little journey.
coronavirus is cancelled
A really fun, intense game for $.99. Would recommend.
good
As a fan of Gun Rocket I definitely wanted to try this game and can say I didn't regret finishing it the first time...While starting a New Game+ I was positively surprised by some of the ideas implemented to make the levels a lot harder. I kept playing till I got stuck here:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=918808473I tried and tried, but had to contact the developer. He decided to the change the level and I finally got an update:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=960265412I was still excited and continued playing past the 1st boss in New Game+. At a certain moment - while at this level 'Detour' - I came to the conclusion that the games wasn't a fun experience anymore; there was just too little room for error (again), and with that in mind, you were forced to move very slowly a lot of the time. Not a problem in case of a short level experience, but that wasn't the case a lot of the time. That aside, it's not possible to move backwards nor use a 'handbrake' or similar to completely park the triangle/rocket, making it only harder (especially with your 'Luv', where you sometimes need 4 eyes); not only unforgiven, also unfair I had to conclude, partially caused by slowness = annoyance. Checkpoints are recommended in some levels, but there are none.A few recommendations for an update:- 'Reverse gear' = moving backwards; only being able to make turns and rotate, often means dying through 1/3 edges of the triangle, because there's little room for error (in New Game+);- The possibility to completely park the triangle, not moving a pixel;- Level tests in New Game+...the progression in difficulty didn't always make sense, caused by a time limit, gravity (%) or fuel limitations;- Level screen! Could have motivated me to continue or maybe I could have skipped a few levels first, if that would have been an option. I didn't have any insight regarding my progress, I could only find some numbers in the game data...That being said, I can actually still recommend playing this game, because there's enough fun before you start a New Game+ - which I don't expect everyone to start anyway. I just have mixed feelings about the New Game+ Mode and actually regret having started it...I could eventually finish it, but when something's not entertaining anymore, it's better to stop. I left the game with a bad taste in my mouth.7/10 - If you like Gun Rocket and are good at it, definitely try this, but think twice prior starting a playthrough in New Game+.
I have played almost 2/3 of the tower defense games on the mobile game market. This game is the most playable I have ever seen.All creeps have different routes in each round and are completely unpredictable. The developer lowered the performance of all traps. Looking forward to the full version! !
Pretty cool physics game with a simple premise, but getting all achievements will have you working hard given the precision you need on each level, especially on the bonus ones. The atmosphere is simplistic, but melodious, making you feel like you're in another world.
This is one of the most fun games ever. Everyone usually starts with drawing ♥♥♥♥♥ all over the gallery, but when you start a new one and actually try to make decent looking garbage, it suddenly becomes addicting and when you finish your gallery, it's probably one of the best feelings ever. Other than a 1v5 ace in csgo.
It's a pretty simple game with a very unique idea.You can probably get all endings within an hour or two (especially if you read the guide).I honestly don't know how much you can expect from a game like this.
I honestly really enjoyed playing this game. It has a beautiful artstyle, an atmospheric soundtrack and a thrilling story. The characters were well thought out and didn't feel shallow. A short, but sweet and haunting horror game for a dirt cheap price.Very recommended.
Fun experience, and the name of the game is so suggestive.If you buy this one, you should get some plank. The addition of tactile sense increase the overall feeling of reality a lot.
damn this new spiderman game is hard af
best game ever, best gameplay 10/10, character design 10/10, why did TLOU2 win GOTY and not Happy Penguin VR??? makes no sense, only issue is you need a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ basketball court playspace, i dont even think they implemented locomotion
OUCHHHHH!!!MY NUTSOWWWW MY NUTS!!!!!!!THEY HURT!!!strong 7/10
So this game being EA, I would still recommend it. The price is good, and gameplay/ mechanics work well. Of the powerups ive found they have been pretty unique and creative. One ive found really cool removes your 'hearts' and instead taken damage depletes your money stock, so running out of money will kill you! From the time I've played so far I have come across two glitches/bugs that ruined my run.One after beating a boss I went into the blackhole, but it seemed like under the hole was a cactus or something that killed me.And the other bug being at the sun boss, I seemed to have broke his little sun he throws and I couldnt damage the boss at all. Though both of these issues have only happened once each, they will surely be reviewed and amended in the future.The only improvement I would like to see is with the minimap. I find it to distracting not being able to see where i am in the rooms, but instead have to look at a string line on the minimap following my path.All in all I am pretty curious to see what else this game can bring
This is NOT a quadcopter simulator! This is a game that has controls that have been simplified sonone quadcopter pilots can control it. It's a fun little game for 99 cents. Maybe the creator shouldthink about adding a simulator mode and rasing the price a little.
Cheap, Gameplay, Story?Yea it works, I had a lot fun.The Story is there even if you justignore it. For that price the gameis finished.Smooth movement and a solid weapon system with the music that fits exactly on the visuals makes this game a perfect and fast playthrough with fun.I have encountered a couple of bug and not finished areas.Mostly hitbox issues but here and there you can fall thrugh the groundor into something. Sometimes Gates won't open and the saves aren't in your favorite for that.The shooting mechanics are good but everything after the shootgun feels underpowered or buggy as heck. So I stuck to the pistol, shootgun and at the end the rifle.Also you need to know that my PC and monitor (tv) are "special". Even better games crashed or had issues with some settings. I encountered none in this game. There needs to be an extension.This game has strong features but they need to be improved.
HaHa This game is Just Funny As F***K ( In a Good Way )So its kind of a Wave Shooter But NO SHOOTING - Burgers And Pizza are your Weapons when they are cooked lol This is one of them Games were its just fun to play !! My 7year old Son loves this Game ..8.99 atm on Sale Its a Bargin ..
This game is great, especially for this price.Lots of weapons and armory each with its own individual bonusses. You will have to make decisions in which item you would carry since you can't carry more than what you are wearing at that moment. Dieing makes you begin from the start again, which I think is great and gives this game an even more challenging twist. This game is great to play over and over again since it's diffrent every time you play.420/10
Jesus my mouse is broken
a fun little experience,remind me of some good old days,but...surprisingly,this game does has way more than I thought it contents,interesting...
Now, you'd think that with its cute art and its focus on the warp mechanic (being invincible to bullets while time stops) the game isn't too hard. Nope, warping consumes your gauge and it recharges slowly over time (faster while you don't shoot). Additionally, mistakes can be very devastating. Also, despite the cute art and silly music, the game's humor is quite morbid. However, it is widely genuinely considered funny, so do take your time to look at the intro and stage cutscenes.Your only way to gain lives is via score extends and the most efficient way to score is by being in Maximum mode with your shield, which means you collected another shield item while already having 2. Having Maximum shield will provide you with score overtime, unless you fight bosses/mid bosses. If you get hit, you have 1 shield left, which means it will take another 2 shield items without getting hit to get back to Maximum shield.The weapon system is another very important aspect of the game, especially on higher difficulties. Over the course of the entire game, you can collect weapon items. You can equip a weapon either on your left or your right side, based on how you collect it. If you die both weapons will be replaced by the weapon that was equipped before then on each side. You're also still left with no shields after dying, possibly leaving you in a miserable state to continue your run in. You can not set the weapons you want to start out with when practicing a stage in practice mode, even though it is a totally valid strategy to use some weapons across multiple stages instead of using the weapons the stage gives you at the start.The two highest difficulties Hard and Insane have multiple patterns not designed to be dodged without the warp mechanic. However, since your usage of it is limited, you're better of destroying many enemies early by having good weapons. Considering all this, it's easy to end up in a nasty downward spiral after dying or even just taking a hit and not having Maximum shields (I have yet to beat Insane).The two lower difficulties Easy and Normal are vastly easier, however. Patterns are dodgeable and you don't need to be in an ideal state all the time to still stand a chance to clear.
BABA IS WONDERFULA challenging and cute puzzle game that is a must play to get that brain of ours turning inside out.
If you like stategy &amp; tower defense game, it's a good option.
Cons:- Unplayable without all four players. AI opponent should be an option for two to three players playing together. It is a standard for party games/PvP games to include AI opponent. At least let me try the game first.- The menu input is too sensitive. It was fired rapidly.It is unplayable without gathering 4 persons. Currently can't recommend it to my friends buying it.Pros:Edit: Remote play should work for me.
This game is a bit funny, the enemy is very powerful. At the beginning，i was a bit frightened and frustrated.After playing a few levels，i finally understand. When passed through three levels, i feel very surprise and happy. Planting trees can quickly get a lot of gold coins, which can upgrade beauty soldiers , who will be able to quickly defeat the enemy. There is a beauty soldier quite sexy,I like her.
A wonderful game. I played it through Oculus link and I would give 9/10.However lots of instructions are still missing. For examples, 1) On that 'Face to Character' panel, you will get 2 sample pics for prompt tests, and you can select own photos by clicking a selection button below. This is good.After head avatar generation, you will see a green 'SUCCESS' notice, then your generated bodies will appear on the left, which is on the other side!If not, you may have to click the 'VIEW' button again to check generation results, and make it available for use.But this is not mentioned anywhere in the game!2) Sometimes you may even need to click that 'VIEW' button again &amp; again to refresh the results.
Boring, Weird controls, Good time waster 5/10
Good game, needs mods tho
Cool Achievements
Awesome game! ★★★★★I have played my fair share of VR games, and this one is definitely a stand out. The visuals are really vibrant and the actual game play it fun as well! Definitely recommend getting this game!5/5  ★★★★★
ok i kept my eye on this for a while . so i finally bought this. its  a nice game when you get used to it on keyboard control this has gotten to many negative rewievs in my eyes .  fun to play . plenty of face plants . i cant see th issue some have . i would rate this around 7/8 -10 for simple reason , its got playability if you learn how to control it properly . overall . has that one more go factor stupid crashes can be buggy it cost less than 2 pints of stella :) 555
BOX APPROVES OF THIS GAME! REACHED WORLD 2 IMMEDIATELY WHERE THE REAL CHALLENGE OF THE SPHERICAL DIMENSION BEGINS! ONE WITH SPHERE, ONE WITH BOX!EDIT: BOX HAS NOW REACHED WORLD 3! ONE WITH SPHERE, ONE WITH BOX!
Standby is a fast-placed platformer. The OST is fantastic and fits the game well. The controls are minimalistic to a fault at times, with one button being bound to 3 actions - shoot, slide, and drop. However, I didn't have much trouble with the 1 button control scheme. Something I found heavily annoying was the inability to rebind basic controls within the game, I was forced to use AutoHotKey for just changing which keys go where. The game has relatively simple mechanics which it puts together in a variety of fashions throughout levels and are combined in a generally enjoyable way. The only fault I really have with this game is that it doesn't have the buffering and coyote frames you'd expect from a platformer. Hitting jump a tiny tiny bit before a refresh or a boost will kill you. Hitting jump slightly after you fall off a ledge will kill you. Hitting jump a frame after you pass over the square will kill you. The required precision in this is fine, but it's unexpected when most other games have it for the sake of the game *feeling* better, and the lack of it feels like artifical difficulty and result in the controls feeling unresponsive during tight situations.
Very nice atmosphere and attention to details, good puzzles.Healing the animals and environment is a great extra motivation to see what's next. Would be awesome to be able to pet and/or play with them a bit at the end.Currently, the extensible metal rails are a bit fiddly at times, and I got some rare reprojection when too much physics was running, I guess (i5 4590).
Best 2.29 I ever spent
I recommend you buy this one in the sales.It is a nice little game, emphasis on little, but made well. If only the idea was expanded with a little more depth then it would be a great game and would justify the price which I think is a little too much for what it offers as I am bored already.Maybe I will go back to it and try the further modes which offer more of a challenge by way of time constraints later.
i would prefer if the driving was better a bit more like gta v controllls
Just like your love life, empty
Small but nice game with somehow silly but enjoyable vibe.
recommending this just to get it more exposure cause it deserves it. cutesy puzzle game with TONS of content plus the puzzles vary a great deal so you dont get burnt out and theres some exploration and secrets as well :)definitely give the demo a go if you like puzzle games
Indie Game of The Year 2016
Nice
An utterly fantastic little puzzler, tragically overlooked. Became something of a nightly ritual for me at one point. Definitely give the free PICO-8 prototype a shot first before deciding to take a dip, though. I'd also definitely wait for a sale.
Really good janky platformer, starts off slow but is well worth the time. 8/10
So before any entitled pricks rate this a no, BEFORE you give the reason that this game has nothing to do but be in a prison cell, I want you to look at the description. Now for the review, this game is great. It (for a joke-ish game) has a hugely realistic feel. I would recommend it if you have a $1 to waste in your steam wallet!
very hardcore game, nerves are running out, very much. but the game itself is interesting and addictive. We deliver the meatball to the finish line - unusual. with each level it becomes more difficult to pass. cool graphics and sound effects, good physics. like
This is a really good early access game and the dev team listens to you and fixes things to make them better
I like this game in that it offers good opportunities for gaining a better understanding with regards to the basics of trading related practices. In addition I'd like to respond to the most popular review in saying that Preferred Stock can be viewed as a form of fixed income security.
this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cool and ai beat the game and ai finishd!!!
It's a fun game. It's a sort of compendium of sports games. In addition to the good balance in the single-player game, there's also an online presence. Cool graphics, good physics and a lot of fun, that's what you get from this game.I recommend to try it for those who want to spend their time nicely and also with fun.
This game looks kinda unimpressive on the outside (I watched splattercats video and thought it looked dope.) It seems fairly new but if you can get it (escpecially on this sale easy $7 for a good game.) it's confusing on a couple things in the beginning but once you've played a couple rounds you'll start learning the meta and where things are. it's quite fun and very enjoyable. I've been coming back to this game every so often when i'm waiting for friends. The dev is super involved with playerbase. When i post a question it's answered within a day or so. If anyone posts a bug he goes right in on fixing it. (I found a bug and the next day it was already patched.)He has high hopes and ideas for the game, and so do I. I can't wait to see what he brings. I promise you once you get a feel for the game it is very fun. TIPS: bottom floor is basement, get some starting power up in security and elevetor, the max out lights as soon as possible for easier headshots and to see things laying around.left click to bring up inventory menu for turrets, walls, and pillsthe ammo box is 1 floor above basement, the armory is there too. Not to sure but I feel like the basement is the largest room so thats where I base my defences. (there is a vending machine barricade in the second floor.. havent really used that floor for anything.)if you use to much power and go negative the alarm will sound. to turn it off the switch is far back in the basement.theres some other cool stuff around good luck and have fun. :D
You died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, died, you have been revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived, revived... that's all
I am enjoying this game,Level design is wonderful, game play is excellent.Camera controls are awful,Hopefully the devs fix the issues with camera controls,Because this is a hidden gem that is marred by camera controls that obscure the enemy or the player depending on level design,Annoying deaths from hidden holes / lava are annoying.Otherwise worth your time,
d
⣿⣯⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣶⣶⣤⣤⣤⣀⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷　　⠈⠻⣿⡛⠉⠭⠉⠉⢉⣿⣿⣧⠲⣶⠖⠄⠄⢿⣿⠄⠶⣶⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧　　　⠺⢿⡗⠄⣹⣿⣿⠿⣟⣿⡏　　　　⠤⠤⢾⣿⣿⣿⣦⠘⡿　　⠈⢻⡿⣷⣶⣶⣤⣤⣤⣶⣦　　　⣽⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡟　　　⠘⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿　　　　　⠉⠉⠛⠋
if you make a uncensored update it'll be better
A nice little puzzle for 1,5 hours.There is a problem, that sometimes you see a second solution and it confuses you, but it happend only a couple of times.Also have to mention, that devs didn't react to my such problems.
As another reviewer put it, this is a "lazy" game. Yep, sota like solitaire. This game scratches the match 3 itch and is pretty to look at. It also has epic sounding music. Keep in mind that some of the timed modes can be really challenging, but you can play without the clock if you just want a chill game.  Not bad.
Overall this was a pretty decent VN. Not the best out there but decent. There were some moments that I didn't enjoy like minigames (when doing different roots its getting annoying).What I enjoyed:* Story was good enough. It had some eastern eggs &amp; plot twists but it could be deeper* Art was absolutely brilliant. You can't deny it* Music was pleasant. Did enjoy it as well* Characters. Since I've been following original comics for some time then now I understand and know some of the characters better* Cool referencesWhat I didn't like:* Price. I feel like price could be a little better but probably it is as it is for graphics because from technical part I can't agree on this price* Some minor limitations like clumsy skipping and inability to skip minigames without actually playing them* Minigames. I jus't didn't enjoy any of them :( Ideas were great but personally I would skip itOverall it was really good game and I would recommend it. Maybe you should get it with Discount.P.S. Played Russian version.
I could've bought this or Far Cry 2 with the leftover funds in my wallet,
basically a nice collection, the Hearts rules are just wrong; it allows playing the Queen of spades or a heart on the first trick, totally bogus. Never crashes, and a wide selection so there's something for everyone in the family.
Simple idea turns into great mechanics.. a different platformer with great soundtrack.
stupid cheapcan write penis on the board
Simplicity; difficulty. The User Reviews are “Mixed.” I cannot comprehend why.One needs be wary of everything. Deliberate movements keep you aloft. Patience is a virtue. Play Borealis. It will instill in you how to become a better person. (Also, if you have trouble sleeping, play it… you will be put at ease with the quickness (The game is THAT soothing and good; not to say that you will fall asleep from boredom  (necessarily) ))This game is zenraging ; many cheap deaths.
Fantastic Gameplay, Incredible Story, Eye-Popping Visuals, Amazing Royalty-Free Soundtrack, Fantastic Characters, and Tremendous Replayability. A true joy to play. GOTY 1 A.D. - 2016 A.D.
This was a beautiful story and I loved the roadtrip through the south!  The story is realistic and relatable. Visuals were nice and accurate to the cities they were representing. Really good job. A lot of love went into this project.  I would love a part two or to see a similar theme explored.
Perfect for age 5+ and for those who just want to zone out and relax with a very tolerant pet.Waba's physics can give you a giggle sometimes, and other times might not do what you expect. Just be patient with it. There are currently only 3 activities, but we're looking forward to updates.A question: We saw in the store video that you can change waba's color, but we can't find that feature in our version. Can someone help us find it? Will updating the app help?An Idea: My kid on her second day playing said "i wonder what color waba i'll get today" when waba was about to hatch. Maybe this could be a fun feature to have, a different surprise color when waba hatches, but also include the ability to change its color result afterward, in case i get orange and don't prefer orange for example. Just an idea.
I'm doing a positive rating because I give the developer a lot of credit for creating a platformer that made it to Steam, not because it's unique (because there are countless platformers on Steam) but because the games mechanics are responsive and because and the controls feel right. You can pick the game up with no idea what it is and have it down to a science in minutes. I personally feel that sliding down during the wall-jumps is a little hasty and I read another review that said that as well so if that is addressed there is a better chance I'll come back and play some more.The only REAL flaw, and again this is just my opinion- the 3 lives system is a bit dated. This was a concept created for arcades to determine when it is time for the player to pay to keep playing. These days I feel like the best of the skill based platformers give you unlimited lives. I really think that should be removed. For example, I just played levels 1-12 about 7 times in a row. Now when I go back to play again, I need to re-play those levels again. The first 7 or 8 levels are too easy to really be fun after a few plays.Besides that, it's a lot of fun. Seems to be in the early release stages and will hopefull receive some re-design in the fast wall sliding and the level system but regardless it was very cheap and now I can play it anytime. It's a funny concept and I like that.I'll check back and re-play at some point. I hope it's updated by then to reflect the user feedback. I'm not upset that I bought it. I beleive it will only get better.
EDIT: IT WORKED THE DEVELOPERS FIXED IT GOD BLESS U DEVschool bus fun released todaymy wallet is ready, its time to payi download the game and install packready to take my bus rep backi start the game and to my dismayim shown a screen of dark gray7 dollars for a game from windows 2kthe feeling of regret just wont go awayi bought the game as i was lured inby the look of fun right on the tinSo happy the children on the cover lookeven though by school bus, their freedom tookthey smile bright with their booksand i have learned to not trust their looksbut in the end it will be worth the timeas long as others heed my rhymeschool bus fun is not what it paradesunless you like compatibility escapades
Very cool concept for a game that sometimes delivers.What I didn't like:1. The Story (if you count dating each color a story). It can get repetitive very quickly. At first it's cool to see all the different options but it just boils down to picking a few options to get the ending that you want. I wish that there was a bit more mechanics to it and dialogue options. It would've been cool to see more branches to each storyline. 2. The Speed of the Dialogue. It's especially slow when you get to the life story. I really think the game could benefit from adding a button to speed up the dialogue. 3. The Length. I think the game could've been longer. One playthrough is extremely short and only takes 5-10 minutes. I got all the endings in an hour. I really would've liked to see the game be longer and have more substance to each playthrough. For example, it could've been cool to see you both talking on your wedding day and vacation. What I liked:1. The Characters. All the personalities felt like real people with real problems (ex. Green's shopping addiction is something she realized was a problem and worked on it). I really enjoyed learning about each character and using that information to decide what option was best to make the relationship last. The interaction between the characters in the beginning of the game where you're asking each of them questions was one of the parts that showed how they were as a person and fleshed them out even more than they previously were. I felt really bad when picking the bad options to get all the endings and if that doesn't show how good the writing for these characters are, I don't know what is.2. The Price. I think the price is perfect for this game. $2 is extremely fitting for the amount of gameplay and content you're getting.Overall I would recommend this game to anyone who's interested in the idea of it. It won't break the bank so there really isn't a reason not to get it. I would give it an 8.7/10
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJ9vkt7BHYI
Will make you ragequit, no matter what.
The physics are solid, the story is cool, but the gameplay is not that perfect. Very rich content. Considering the price, still recommend.
This game is pretty funny and a true gem. For $5, you can't complain, it gave me a really good laugh, which is really hard to do these days.
Do you like platformers? Do you like to go fast? That's right, the next best thing to a Sonic is here!Unlike some of the other reviews, I very much like the way the cars control in the time attack and platforming modes. On the ground, the controls are quick and snappy. In the air, their turning/angling is delayed and slower as you would expect them to be (due to less friction). You can even adjust your position in midair slightly by coordinating between boosting and using your air brake. Some of the stunt jumps you will be making later in the game are insane but can be achieved with enough practice and strategy. On the downside, there are a few tracks in the game where you will have to jump through several "hoops." These hoops are kind of hard to fit through and the hitboxes between your car and the hoops seem pretty big and hard to avoid. However, with enough practice, it is more than possible to make it. Also, the third game mode, "Collector," seems like a waste of time and is poorly designed. The placement of the stars/collectables you have to drive into to collect is pretty terrible and incredibly difficult. The way the car controls in this mode is a mess - slippery and just all over the place. The camera is stuck in a fixated spot behind the car at all times, so if the car moves on the ground or in the air at all, then the camera moves along with it. Think of it as racing on the SNES with mode 7 all over again (...but in an actual 3D game). This gameplay mode seems to be the least important of the three though since it has fewer tracks.The other two modes are great. The time trials allow you to just go all out crazy with boosting and pushing your speed to the limits. Gotta go fast! The platforming levels are really creative and challenging. Towards the end of the game, I couldn't believe some of the stuff I was pulling off and the crazy stunts I had to perform. Simple, yet effective design! If you've ever played ATV Quad Power Racing 2, the platforming levels (and time trials) in this game remind me a lot of the ones in ATV 2... but faster. So if that's something you enjoyed, this game is for you. All in all, great game. I am very happy with my purchase since I got it on sale. I love the controls, the game engine, and everything BUT the Collector Mode. In fact, this game has so much potential to be even more than it already is. It would be amazing to see a REAL multiplayer mode, battle mode, bigger/wider tracks with more gimmicks besides just conering and jumping, a whole other mode, a better designed Collector Mode made easier, or even something along the lines of what ATV 2 had to offer with the tournament races or freestyle modes.Still needs:* In-game music?* Time Trial Leaderboards
Fun Game To Play !
good
When I was just a kid barely old enough to sit up on my own, my mom took me to the bank where they had a Santa sitting out front to listen to the kid's Christmas wishes.  My mom tried to get me to sit in Santa's lap and tell him what I wanted and  I remember thinking "Who the ♥♥♥♥ is this smelly old man?" and since I was just a baby, I cried until my mom gave up on the idea.   A year or two later we went back to the same Santa Claus and I sat in his lap and told him I wanted (among other things) a train set for Christmas. Santa, being the type to hold a grudge, decided that I wasn't getting the train set I wanted for Christmas, or the Race car set, or the remote control car, or anything else that I asked for.Cut to modern day when I was able to buy this game... ♥♥♥♥ you Santa, I got it my own damn self!Some things I liked:  Building is pretty simple; just choose the track piece and you can hear when it snaps into place.  likewise putting the engine on the track is equally simple; just put the engine and the cars you want down on the track.  There's some ambient city sounds that plays in the background as well as some music (some of which sounds like it came straight from a "Charlie Brown Cartoon Special" on CBS  There's some scenery options with various buildings as well as some people and animals to stand around looking at the train go by.  You can also place track warning signals that will go off automatically as the train goes by, as well as working gates and stop signals.   You can never run out of track and you always have the right number/right size pieces you needThings that could use improvement:  Placing some objects is a bit awkward, mostly the tall and skinny objects as they are prone to fall over.  You're purely an external spectator.  For some reason I thought there was a mode where you could ride as a passenger on the train, but that must have been another game.  With larger train setups, there's no real comfortable way to watch the train go on the track.  There's no TNT for blowing up bridges.  How can I re-enact the train wrecks from the Addams family without it?  The room/background you're in is rather sterile as a plain white background.  They should at least provide one "child's bedroom" background and maybe one "realistic countryside" background. Anything is better than the plain white.Some other things to note:  * This is purely a sandbox, and so there's nothing to do but play with the train set. * Some items appear to only have one style, but pressing the grip buttons will cycle through some alternate models  (this isn't immediately clear though). * Single Player only...  It might be nice to play this multiplayer, even if the other person can only play through the setups I've built.  Still, all things considered, this is still fun to play around with and I hope to see some improvements in the future.
Lol. This game runs better than No Mans Sky.Meh, I was just looking around. Saw the No Mans Sky Total FAIL, and a multi-multi-million dollar game (that took many years to develop) and that runs worse than this title.At least this game did not Permaban me for suggesting another month would improve NMS (where No Mans Sky permabanned me for saying that about ir [Even though the DESTRUCTIVE REVIEWS PROVE ME COMPLETELY RIGHT YET AGAIN]).Damn Chimps.No disapointments with GEO Master.
What a great game, simple and straight forward. One quick minute long tutorial and you'll be battling waves of baddies like a champion.Select your waifu and ship and equip parts, the amount of customisation is endless. The fun simply cannot be contained.Truly this game is the Skyrim of roguelike shoot'em ups. Do yourself a favour and buy a copy today.
Surprisingly scary when playing the death maze game in the Stean store and some of the music and art has some definite horror inspiration. The art style is interesting and new. Do not bother trying to play the Crash aspect of the game without save scumming as it will be the only way to keep yourself from going broke. If you don't want to save scum, then repeatedly bet 10 cents over and over until your viewers increases to 1000 then trade in a viewer for a 1/4 chance of getting a dollar and you will have a decent chunk of money. This takes forever though. The rewards in the game are kind of funny but that's it. The mini games have no rewards aside from racking up a high score, there's no point to leveling aside from getting an achievement, and there's no point to get more money after you buy everything in the store. The steady updates are nice though. Maybe it will be more fleshed out in the future.
Tomato Jones is a great example of the perfect male body
This is not a game you would expect to be so well designed but it's got some serious chops to its design.Don't let the slightly cheap graphics deter you, (extremely endearing and personable graphics that they are though), this is refined and tasty little tower defense game with some elegant refining of the classic game play elements. The build/attack cycle, the way upgrades work, the way "spells" work; these all have simpler but far better ways of working than classic tower defense. I especially like how you don't have choose between spending money on a "spell" or building a tower, which is a choice that never really  worked that well.As well giving you all the time and infomation to make you decisions when building means in the attack phase you can be enitrely focused on when to active the "spells" and it makes a lot of difference when you use or don't use them.So to be clear this a tower defense where you will be entirely engaged the whole time, either because it's the build phase and you have as much time as you like to plan things out, or its the night time "attack phase" where you are trying to frantically best use your spells.(I keep saying spells, but it's temp tower upgrades that function very similiar to the classic spells in tower defense, except these are a lot more ingenius in how they work) There's some smart as features like full money on a building cancel , and immediately showing you the path of attack that mean you never feel cheated when things go wrong. This is some of the best tower defense I've played
Don't know why people hate this game. Sure its not amazing, but for 1.5 $ its not bad. Its fun in short burst and the perfect game to play while waiting for a game to install or to download.
Almost 600 hours on this game. Definitely worth buying. For the pros and cons, There are all different kinds of builds in this game that can be really overpowered so you can feel that unbalanced game experience if you enjoy it. But every time you have to start over because those bosses are the best place to try your build but they are gone once you defeated them. It could be much better if they can separate the boss fight like Sekiro did. Or using MODs can greatly improves the game experience.A lot of ppl are complaining about re-constructing the game is taking too long and has barely no news for the players. I am not a game developer so i don't know how long should it take. But what i know is this game needs a better battle system as well as a more complicated AI system to make player feel more involved. Another thing to consider is that it is not a big team with hundreds or thousands of ppl, so is it really worth it to have someone focusing on sending out news instead of having another person help remake the game? It feels like ppl cares too much about their own feelings and give negative comments when the developer can't satisfy them on something not that important.The intro system is a real piece of crap. They should put more info in there but not all of them.Hope to see the remastered version asap.
funny game
That cool we need more music
really interesting and unrealistically exciting game. The concept of this game is as unusual as possible. You constantly have to understand whether you are sleeping or not. Cool atmosphere, great music, everything in this game is present.
I knew this game would be avalible again someday!3 cheers for steam and Humongous Entertainment .hip hip hoorayhip hip hoorayhip hip HOORAY!!!
How to Take of Your Mask while relatively short is really adorable with a wide array of characters. It was a joy to play and left me smiling most of the way through it was just so darn cute.+ Beautiful CGs+ Quite a bit of extra content+ Unlock short scenes of Ronan's POV+ Two fairly different endingsI really enjoyed playing through and getting the two different endings which were quite different at the point it branches off. I'm not going to deny that I wish that it was longer especially since I think that it could have been taken further but overall I was very satisfied and content at both endings - and overall with the game.
Cool VR game. I like it. Simple dynamical shooter with good graphics and multiplayer with several good gamemodes like russian roulette.  Also I like game mechanics of dodges and hubs. And yes, it needs only 9 gb of space on your disk. Will recommend it to play with your friends.
ryan the barbarian  , Cool the
Fun and again with new elements
this game is flappily delicious
As a student, I think this game is a proper reflection of our school life. During these study years, we have to face too much pressure including study, life and tackling with the many knotty problems. The only one thing we need to learn is to be strong, one of the reasons that why adolescence is colorful but mysterious is our growth of heart and mind.
TROLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
Hell blyat.
only game that allows me to acomplished my dream
I'm a fan of puzzle games so I immediately checked it out when a friend told me about this. The puzzles start out pretty easy, but they get hard fast. It gets more interesting as you go onto later levels because the puzzles become more physics dependent - it definitely put my puzzle solving skills to test and pushed me to the limit. That being said, I definitely recommend playing into the later stages to really gauge the difficulty of the game as a whole. Complaints would be that the time limit made it frustrating sometimes since I would have to start over in the midst of a hard puzzle, but it does fit in with the entire concept of the salaryman working on a deadline I suppose.
&gt;plays once&gt;gets on global leaderboard10/10
Not bad, not great yet.I personally feel that the developer is going way too fast with this game. Merch, VR and an Xbox port coming. The game is decently fun to play but car handling is absolutely whacky. Rear wheel drive cars understeer under power and then are extremely twitchy and unstable under braking. FWD cars understeer as expected under power and flick decently under weight transfer feel like toy cars with a lack of weight until they decide to suddenly start to plow with aboslutely no warning. AWD cars are just barges, plow on power, plow off power, and they feel like they carry the weight of the earth.I think there is a lot to come in this game. I will keep playing it and I do recommend it, but I feel that the developer needs to rework their priorities. There is very much potential. Don't squander it.
Remote play works well with this game, fun quick past'time game with your friends.Let your brain go in autopilot and scream while you try bring that cheeseburger to your client in last second.Teamwork really brings "shake things up" to this game when you can communicate and coordinate your meals.
EZ  game :)
This game takes the classic snake game and amps it up into a full blown game with tons of levels and new features that puts the snake you know and love on steroids. I really enjoy the chill atmosphere of the game and the minimalist art style. If you want a great challenge that is both addicting and sometimes downright frustrating, this game is for you! I highly recommend Ophidian.
pog game
really good and fun game, i recommend it :)
Fortix 2 improves upon the arcade-strategy formula of the original Fortix, and adds a few new twists to the gameplay. The new game has maps that really force you to rethink your gameplay style.Fortix 2 also features a better menu interface. One that is comfortable to use on the PC - a problem that the first game had.Fortix 2 includes the maps from Fortix, although gameplay is subtly different in this version (specifically: the way that you capture castles has changed). The first game gives you a lot of gameplay for just $0.99, but if you like, you can skip the original and play its levels in Fortix 2.Good game! I really enjoy playing this.
The match 3 game here is ok, but the challenge puzzles are where this game really shines.  A huge recommendation if you like any of the other games by Fallen Tree.
nice game !
Tiny-Tasy Town is an early access game and yes, you can tell. There are some minor bugs (nothing to dramatic), tranlsation errors and it does not feel polished - yet.I really recommend trying it out. It looks really promising. It just needs a lot of feed-back and support from the community.Tiny-Tasy Town is a simulation game, where you build a town, slay monsters and craft stuff. It has the same feeling like "My Time at Portia" although it lacks bachelors and bachelorettes (because you play a young boy).I send a mail to the developers for some improvements / bugs / etc but I will not list them in this review. I really hope, that they will continue to work on this game.
Survival mode is a blast.If you can catch a sale, Survival mode is worth the price of admission.Story mode looks good seems ok aswell.Id imagine playing with a friend online would make it even better.It does have that feature.
very nice visual novel game with good mystery story line
Trying to beat all those ghost cars lap after lap is strangely compelling. Definitely has that "one more go" appeal.
completed :D
Really enjoying this shooter so far. The key things for me are:- Customisable load out and hats- Responsive controls- Different modes (Survival, Penguin Protector and Kitten Rescue) keep gameplay varied and fun- Consistent graphic styleAs per other reviews, initially I was finding the gameplay a little on the easy side, but as soon as I got to higher waves, the Zombies became faster and harder to outrun and the bosses became tougher to defeat. I really like how you have to keep your player on the move and restock ammo.One of my favourite elements are the different rage abilities, my favourite is the duck who creates a tornado and wreaks havoc on all the zombies. Here's an example of said ability: http://www.gfycat.com/WindyGrimArabianoryxReally looking forward to the devs unlocking more levels and challenge modes, this is the sort of game that will benefit from challenges and will increase the game's re-playability.Overall, awesome work and looking forward to more content!
This one is pretty good. Reminds me of clustertruck in a way. I think its worth it if you're into arcade style games like these.
Good job games wonderful definitely if you want to practice do levels 1 through 5. A few times and then after that continue with the game it's incredible good game. I use a controller with it and. I use companion controller which is good it's in the steam library that would be good then you get that and you're all set to play with a controller Works beautiful good job with the game I wish it would make some other Target games like this should make it a shooting game next that would be good
This is a good example why there should be a difference between idle (incremental) and clicker games on Steam. Those are the complete polar opposites of gameplay.A clicker is a game where you are supposed to furiously click the same button thousands of times to progress or earn points.In Idle Evolution clicking doesn't earn you anything. There is a hover mechanic, but you can alt-tab while hovering and it'll still count.This is a game designed to be put away for some time (in fact, some missions straight up require you to do that), so you can go do something productive knowing that there will be something interesting waiting for you when you get tired.The game sure has its flaws (grindy minigames, missions that lie to you, weird design for higher difficulty, appendix upgrade that does nothing AFAIK), but it's good enough as a productivity tool. It's also useful to learn some real scientific numbers along the way. At least definitely more useful than learning numbers like "blue laser damage", "green dragon hp" and "bear butt drop rate".
Simple and fun nothing really new but at least its stable and not filled with ads
♥♥♥♥♥♥ unity game but it is like 1 cent tho
Pipy is so adorable. Looking forward to play the rest soon.
Don't usually go out of my way to do reviews, but I had to put one down for this game. Good "old school" fun, seemed well-polished and performs well. It's fairly simplistic, yes, but I find that enjoyable. For $10 you really can't go wrong with this one, seriously, give it a go if you're an old fart that used to love Arkanoid/Breakout and similar games.
This game is amazing, if you like 3D platformers like mario64, get this game!
Good stuff.Enjoyable game.Do recommend!
Despite the high percentage of negative reviews for the game, The Book of Desires is a totally fine hidden object game. Right off the bat, it's totally playable. Yes, there are two bugged puzzles (one of which is actually still solvable, it's just irritating to do so), but with the use of the skip puzzle feature it won't end your play through or anything. Moving on from that though, this game definitely carries with it the low budget feel of the other games in it's genre. It's story is, just, so dumb. It's terrible. And I love how terrible it is. In terms of the actual game play though, it's what one would expect, a blend of puzzles, point and click, and hidden object game play. It's all solid, nothing groundbreaking nor difficult, but also not boring or insultingly easy. Outside of that.. well, honestly this game is quite hard to describe in a meaningful way, it really doesn't stand out from all the other hidden object games. Which, I think sums everything up pretty well. If you enjoy the cheap, chill, comfort food feeling of hidden object games, you'll probably like this. And if you're looking for something that breaks the status quo and innovates on the genre (or at least tries to of some higher quality), then you're most certainly looking in the wrong place. And if you haven't played a hidden object game, well, I probably wouldn't recommend starting with this one, but it's similar enough to all the others, and relatively functional, so it's not like playing this would ruin your perception of what was otherwise an *amazing* genre. It's a game. In the hidden object genre. And that's pretty much it's entire identity/existence. Nothing more, nothing less.
Oh i just killed these guys they wont respawn for a while. OMG they're behind me. Damn this dude spent all his time on the gun animations. Not even mad. This game is a YEET/10.
Verdict - OkayAmateurish but with effort, the wave-based survival game Zombie Apocalypse has attachments, explosives and a "berserk mode" for what is essentially Kiting: The Game.My Curator page, "Is It Okay?", where I judge games based on innovation and uniqueness.Buying a game at this price tag with no other reviews, I was somewhat surprised by the things this game has to offer. (I was also surprised that the game defaults to being in Turkish.) It is wave-based survival, where you earn money to buy weapons, attachments (which are totally free though) and explosives to shoot blocky zombies on three different maps. You also get a special ability that makes you invincible and gives you powerful punches, which reminds me of Paint the Town Red (in a good way).There's not much to see here, really - as far as I can tell there's the melee kinds and there's the gun kinds, both of which chasing you like a drone. So you backpedal, shoot some, rinse and repeat. It looks very aesthetically inspired by Unturned, but seems to completely custom made, which is applauding amounts of effort. Whoever the developer is, they tried and gave effort into this product. I cannot say the same for the hundreds of asset-flips on the same page, perhaps with more purchases.For a dollar and then some, I feel bad about not recommending Zombie Apocalypse; but there's not really much to see here. Think about it as investing in some future game developer, if you will.
Classic traffic jam puzzles (a LOT of traffic jam puzzles) in a pleasing package. There's nothing much more to say than that.
Okay, simple as this game may be... I love it. I love it on every platform I've played it on. The levels get more challenging as you move up, and it has a great nostalgic feel to it.
Akin is a simple puzzle game at its core where you have to draw a continuous line using your mouse, in order for all tiles to change colour. The game starts off easy and very relaxing, but gets harder after each level. However, it very gets too difficult in my opinion, but some little brain teasers are provided during the levels.The timed levels, and the corresponding achievement, provide a nice challenge and can be considered a bit more difficult. At the time of writing I've spent almost seven hours on the game and almost completed it 100% in terms of achievements.For the price, this fun, and amazing little puzzle game is a bargain in my opinion; which I can easily recommend to any fan of puzzle game enthusiast. The only criticism I have, is that sometimes the line you intend to draw is not properly registered if you move the mouse extremely fast. But this is hardly an issue in practise.
Nice "flow" in this game. It rewards quickness and having your eyes on where you are going rather then on where you are - similar to when riding a bike or running. That is something I like a lot about this game
很好 喜欢
good game overall, feels like mariocart but in a better version. this game would be very fun if you could play online against other people. overall a goodgame, but with a too small playerbase.
This game is a good for a laugh and makes a great gag gift.  The gameplay is kinda fun for about 2 minutes.  The original turbo pug is a better game.
A fun card game to play. A must-have game.Get your friends to play as well.10/10 game.
kind of lol for a game that is just mouse usage.
damn I bought this game and there is no one for me to play with so I bought another controller and am now playing with myself, if you are reading this don't bother buying this game because there is no chance in hell you are going to have more fun than I am right now. My left hand just got salty because my right hand is using catbot to pierce through my left hand's vanguard's shield so I was only able to type this review out with my right hand for my left hand is too busy trying to refund the game at the same time. send help.
As a big fan of the original Faerie Solitaire (I played through both the original and remaster), I was initially a bit put off by Harvest. It reminded me more of those mindless mahjong solitaire games from the '80s like Activision's Shanghai, a genre I could never get excited about. However, despite it's relatively mindless "Match 2" mechanic, there's a lot to recommend it. The art on the cards is great. Music and ambient sounds are uniformly excellent and run the gambit from new age to Studio Ghibli-esque. You accumulate gold which can be used to purchase various perks, there are pets to grow again (though I again never had use for them), and going through the main game took me about 40 hours - and I probably could have spent another 20 more if I were a completionist. I was never frustrated, often relaxed and this makes for a perfect coffee break game to do while multi-tasking.
Maek my friedn go bom
definitely a family friendly game. very sytlized art, and challenging puzzles. I like it!
I was looking forward to playing this game, but then when It came to cleaning the fish tank, It requires lightning fast reflexes and is almost impossible to do.
Very short but a lot of fun.
Classic Hero Defense like old WC3 custom games.  4 classes 2 chars for each and a lot of items to buy.  A familiar face if you are familiar with the Krater game.  Overall its pretty good, solid controls, smart cast, and decent replayability.Only con is there are not many mobs/bosses so you will fight the same ones over and over.  If they add some new ones and add a couple more characters game could be great with a group of 4-5.
Unparalleled game-play with sophisticated mechanics and alluring visuals. The perfect game for the average or experienced, proficient golfer. While incomplex at first glance, even the most astute mathematician may struggle with the troublesome trigonometric functions required to usurp dominance over some levels. Over all i rate this game 8.237 / 9.487.
welp, since this game doesnt get as much attention and basically is dead (which is really unfortunate) i will now write my review about "space - The return of the pixxelfzarrer"Lets start with the obvious, the game is not a beauty, but its not intented to be the most awesome looking game out there, well, at least i hope it isnt ;DA game doesnt need to look good, to be a good game, just look at masterpieces like dwarf fortress, its plain looking, but offers so much depth like no other title.So does Space - tRotP, but its stand outs are exploration.You are able to skale the difficulty, and the harder the game gets, more areas and enemies are unlocked, and im not talking about just a few elites here and there, nope, while playing the game you suddenly stumble across clouds of bubble monsters, giant lazer- minefields, a "borg-like" race, motherships of all kinds and shapes, roaming swarms of drones, .... hell, even i didnt see everything yet.Hell, you can even blow up freaking stars, and use them as wormholes, the possibilities are endless.One might say the combat is not extraordinarry complicated (mostly due to the fact that its 2d) and he might be right to some extend, but it offers a lot of customisation: you have 2 weapon slots, wich you can use for either a lazerbeam or a standart spamgun. Sounds dire? wait, thats not all, you can augment both of those slots with a variety of upgrades, and combine them for really interessting effects.And you have 5 slots for your ship augments, for example a simple heal, a shield, or do you want to sent a swarm of killerdrones at your enemy? Earlier i said the game shines on its exploration part, yes, indeed, while you can always teleport back to your starting planet, you can only upgrade flat stats on your "garage", but this wont do. The game actually forces you to go out there and visit space, because you can only progress (meaning getting your very important augments) when you find another planet, that has a merchant. AND again, merchants only offer you a limited amount of stuff, and while they may refresh their stock, its always better to search for more merchants, instead of just babysit there.The game doesnt seem really challenging at first, but be warned, it can be really hard if you think guns blazin is the way to go. Especially when the game difficulty gets a little bit started, the game likes to use the secret art of "throwing so much ♥♥♥♥ at you that you cant even see what hit you". Kkeeping a cool head is key in later battles, and knowing when to retreat and come back later really helps, ESPECIALLY when you want to take out a fortress of enemies.all in all, its a solid game, not a blockbuster, but a secret pearl in this whirlpool of narrow rollercoster- gamedesign we have these daysi say its a 9 / 11
Before: Meh, it's like 2 hours, it cant be that sadAfter: *cries like a child*
Really fun, looks great and has a small (but growing) and fine collection of songs to play.
Ending is a real cliff hanger.... cant wait for the next one
A entertaining experience. The inclusion of a manual is great thing. It explains in detail how the controls are setup and what each diffent mode is and how they play. For a match 3 puzle game it is one of the best I have played and for $3.99 I cant argue with the price. Zen mode is truly like crack. Manual Belowhttp://cdn.akamai.steamstatic.com/steam/apps/403300/manuals/GravBlocks_Manual.pdf?t=1450275074Pros- Lots of gameplay modes - Many control options- Plenty of achievmentsCons- Graphics could be better- Mouse controls on menus can be a bit finicky
This is a extremely nice game and i definately reccomend it to everyone but there is two slight problems1 this game is too short.this game has alot of mechanics and fun but its too short. I would have been more fun if it had like an endless mode or something and2 i don't think this game is worth 10$this is a great game but it felt like this game was like a demo of a console gameeither way this is amazing! i honestly don't think this would have any hate :D
Another installment from the same company that brought us FORM. I played Twilight Path right after completing FORM, and it's a worthy follow up. I commend the decision of going on a totally different path thematically. Another welcome addition is the travelling companions and the boss "battle". I think they're concepts worth expanding upon. Finally, the introductory level in the shop is just worderful. 10/10.Regarding the puzzles, I found these a little less engaging and interesting than the ones in FORM, but still enjoyable. I think it's the feeling on having an impact in your surroundings what I'm missing. Even though you cause huge modifications in the environment (sometimes by just pointing to a symbol and pressing the trigger, which gets old after a couple times), I feel the puzzles were better connected to the effects they had in FORM. TL:DRGreat story and interesting game concepts.Good puzless but a bit hit or miss in the execution. I got this game bundled with Form. I think both are worth their full price, so catching them on a sale should be a great deal. I know, they're short, but that's VR games now, and you've got to pay a little extra for the still novel and niche-ish platform.
Good game!
Extremely cute and fun adventure game where you follow a water strider through Korean Folklore to deliver a flower to Buddha. Beat it in 1 hour and it was an hour well spent, well worth the few bucks I spent on it.
I liked the story as it is way more complex than just go and kill the bad guy. Quite short comparing to HotK1 and HotK2, but still as fun and enjoyable. Overall it's worth it on -75% sale
looks promising but two players with controller doesn't work properly, 2nd player can't control/select a fox.
It is a interesting experience I have had.
Good game, hoping to see more games from this developer.
So far so good. Its a tower defense game, you know what to expect.Good stuff*Excellent value for a cheap price*Very polished(at least I didn't see any bug)*Devs add stuff based on the feedback of the players*Good tower defense gameplayBad Stuff*It may seem like it is lacking content, but for the price its understandable. However, there are placeholdersand other things that point out that new content is going to be added to the game, eventually.OverallA hidden gem between cheap games. This is a good game for the money. Right now it is a good purchase, but a definite must buy once all the remaining maps are in place.
this is one really cool game! it is kind of hard at some point but thats what I love about it. its not just an easy to finish game. its somewhat hard and has a ton of levels. it is a lot of fun and I never had any problems with it10/10 for me and I would totally recommend this game to any casual race game player !
Great idea, very simple.Back to the core roots of a 2D side scroller that doesn't require button mashing or any complex decisions.It still requires some work but the idea is solid and simple and I like it. We need more games that cater for a younger age group. Looking forward to any additional releases/updates from this develper.Run, Jump, Die and repeat. All in the name of the little piggies :).
very fun (way better with friends)
Really good game. Enjoyed it very much back in the day :)
Exactly what you expect (though i would really like a high score board). Super and very simple game! ! !
Every time as the song ends I want to applaud.Very good animations and music is not bad.This anime is pretty good quality for a good price.People who made it definitely had passion.
No microtransactions as well!
 Disclaimer - I bought the Deluxe Edition of this game full price, and got 100% Steam Achievements and played with the Adult Patch  Army Gals Review  Army Gals is a Multiple choice several route Visual Noval with an Adult patch, Developed by Dharker Studio and Brightly Studios, Published by Dharker Studio and released April 17, 2017 with a confirmed soon to be released DLC Art/Music I want to say I 100% loved every bit of Art in this game with only a single complaint - there was not enough of it!!Especially the Adult Art I felt there was so many situations in which instead of using the same Art they should have made  more of the beautiful Art I was so fond of. The music was nice, I found it set the mood perfectly throughout the game. Story and Characters I found writing and story quite enjoyable, I laughed felt anger and was on the edge of my seat the entire time! I enjoyed getting every end without fail. Far as Edda Andrea, Raen and Kyle, I felt Kyle was pretty much an average Visual Noval main protagonist. I enjoyed Edda as being a strong confident Female character, with a interesting background (avoiding spoilers) Raen the typical Lovey Female as portrayed in most Visual Novals with quite the twist! And last but not least, Andrea now I enjoyed her as a character as much as the rest, but I felt that the personality they aimed for her kept getting lost, with her going from one way to the next, now that's not a complaint, I enjoy more diverse character's. Pros and Cons Pros:Good storyFantastic artGood patchGood musicDecent side character'sCons:Not enough artSaves are kinda confusingA very enjoyable Visual Noval which I am EXCITED for more Art like this from Dharker Studios and the future (I hope) DLC(s) for this game! Overall I give it a 9/10 due to lack of art and pricing. If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:   The Group   Or my group:   My Group 
Fun fun fun!Funny and challenging gameplay and the idea is just so awesome, including the sounds :)
super chill, super nice, 8/10, go buy. Want more updates tho &gt;:(
This game is perfect to take it easy after a long day of work/school/gamming hard/ pretty much anything... It is a very relaxing game, nice music, easy controls, funny-cute story, good graphics/art/animations, the sounds of some characters/objects made me smile a lot!! The achievements are not that hard to get... This game has all!! You might die/fail, so what? Nothing bad happens. The little things this game has, make it really good :) Just buy it!! It is worth the shot. You do not want to spend the money, then buy it on sale like I did (for about 2 Euros or so) but still, you will not regret it ;)
Fun Zombie Blasting Rampage through a Fallout Shelter like Room System. This is pretty much a Survival mode game with small upgrades to help Boost you.
I don't want a long storyI don't want to be blown away by graphicsI don't want to think too hardI just want to relaxand kill all those zombiesperfect game!
A nice and simple child-friendly collectathon.  The game is relatively short, If you play to complete it as fast as possible you can beat 100% of the game in about 1.7 or 2 hours.The gameplay is rather simple you move around the level with a top-down perspective and beat the occasional enemy, using your fiery breath to defeat them. Beating a level is really easy I've beaten the entire game without dying to an enemy once and feel that you could only fail if you do so intentionally.When it comes to narrative the game is rather bare-bones and does not really do anything to establish any character motivation or personality, it's just; You are a dragon who likes to collect treasure. Why who knows. You have a mystic floating panda fiend. Who is he? I don't know. but this can be put down to the young audience that it  is aimed at.Playing through the game I found that it had nice and relaxing BGM that suited the rest of the overall look, tone and feel of the game.
It's a game about a tiny eternal being rescuing planets by matching colored blocks. The way it deals with the blocks on a circular plane is pretty creative, actually, and I can see myself having a lot of fun with this.
well, seems decent for a game worth a few cents. probably will run this game when some brats visit my house.
i like this game because it is interesting
Here I was playing another game by Chilla's Art.For those who do not know their games. They are mostly (short) horror stories influenced by Asian Culture.What I always like is that the games are not that long, you get a good story, and it's not lame horror with tons of jumpscares and stuff. Most games just make you feel uneasy because you follow the story.Also there is a distinct way of graphical style here. It might look like you are playing a PS2 game, but that is just the way the devs wanted to make the game look old skool and retro(which I think is a cool touch).Personally I am a big Fan , and I hope to see more games from Chilla's Art in the future. *I did encounter one bug where my character got stuck and I could not reload the game, but that's about it on the technical side, Oh and this game does seem to have save points(checkpoints) also a big pro*Recommended.
.
SUMMERSALEEVENT
TOO EZ
Really great puzzle game! First circles, then triangles, I hope he does pyramids next! I guess peaks would be fine.
A mild recommendation, partly because I like schmups and this one is really cheap. I think what bothers me, and this isn't super important to gameplay I admit, is the art style. On the one had we have these quite charming 8-bit style sprites such as the characters you play as and some of the enemies. Then other enemies look like they were thrown together in MS Paint and are utterly hideous. These sprites just look dreadful and I found them a little distracting, why not stick with the blocky pixel art for all of the sprites? Still, you can't go wrong for just a few bucks and it's fun enough with enough different powerups and a decent difficulty curve to make it worth a laugh. Playing co-op is probably really fun too as the screen can really fill up with all sorts of chaos. If they were to change how some of those enemies looked though I wouldn't complain.
short time-killer +/- ,netrual rating nice enough to kill some time, if you have nothing to do....you seriously, need to have nothing to do tho...
Very Good Game. Good Music
Nice game, very basic but a good little blackjack game, can't seem to get her to start from anywhere but behind me which is a tad annoying but besides that is good.Oh except she keeps beating me..
pretty good, but i want pvp and bosses unlocked
I really enjoyed my time with this! Stylistically, it reminds me a lot of Rise of the Dragon. Looking forward to more episodes, and definitely think this is worth the purchase.
yes, now i can see hentai anime
Super fun!  I have been looking for a game like this for a long time and finally scratched that itch with this game.  I wanted a game similar to Overcooked that I could play by myself, and this is it!  The style is adorable and the character customization is satisfying. I do recommend a controller for this game, much easier moving around and clicking on things with a controller for me and just using the number keys on my keyboard to select recipes.  The pace of the game is also excellent, you are able to upgrade the kitchen and make things easier for yourself pretty soon if you chose to buy those kinds of things first.  I recommend saving up for the sprinkler system in the greenhouse as soon as you can.
Basic but relaxing little game where you play a trio of characters revolving around the life and story of a bear cub. It's got some jank but I found it charming. Seems they are still working on new chapters for the game as well.  You aren't forced to kill any bears if you don't want to. There are two kinds of bears in it: A brown/grizzly bear mom and cub, and a black bear. The game contributes to the small niche of bear-themed narrative games so for that it has my full support.＼ʕ •ᴥ•ʔ／ 
When I think masterpiece I think Muddledash
Honestly, I really liked this game. The gameplay loop is very interesting and, besides some instances, I even enjoyed the platforming. The story is quite interesting as well, with a good dose of mystery,If you want a good challenge, especially if you are aiming to complete it (clearing all stages with A Rank), I suggest checking it out. Overall, a solid 8.5 for me.
Great story, and as the type of novel states, you have no real input as you're basically reading a book. The amount of twists and turns however will make you believe one thing and then completely turn it on its head. Just when you think you've figured it out, you realize you know nothing at all. I stayed up until 4 AM when I have work in five hours just because I refused to not finish it, as I wouldn't be able to sleep. The ending however won't let you sleep either, we can leave it at that.Great KN, definitely recommended. Wish the studio were more widely recognized, as this is one of few that I actively wait for news on new IP's or sequels.
I didn't know how amazing and glorious and astounding, the quality of the unity engine could be. truly, i have been astounded by the glory bestowed upon me by MY GOLF. This game has the best physics in any golf sim i have played in the last 50 years. the music, is masterful with a hearthrenching tune that dosent at all sound like a guy just kinda sitting at a drum set and making it up as he goes along. I would not reccomend holding the power all the way to the top as your un-shown player character must be the hulk. the ball less rolls to its destination, as it would much rather float there. walls are your only friends. best game of 2018. best game in my steam library. best game on my PC. BEST GAME ON STEAM RN. 1100000000000000000000000000/10
Decently fun and cute platformer.Could use a bit more story. Moss has a similar concept, and makes the player a significant part of the story as a magical figure guiding the mouse. In Ven, sure you're helping, but where did you come from? Why are the Eki just sitting around like there's nothing going horribly wrong in the world?There's no backtracking allowed within levels. The player's position is on a rail and only moves forward to follow Ven. You can turn, but can't move back, or up and down. This leads to issues in even the first level, as you need to move Ven into an elevator about ten feet below you, making it hard to see, and the elevator can even kill Ven, and then backtrack and move around a corner, to where the catcher enemy activates, then up another elevator.Levels are frequently very dark, sometimes you have to move Ven far below you or above you. This makes the platforming difficult not due to the platforming itself, but to visibility.This game also strangely has two pages on Steam:https://store.steampowered.com/app/1212350/Ven_Adventure/ Releasing Q4 2021https://store.steampowered.com/app/1139310/Ven_VR_Adventure/ Released  Jan 29 2021
Yeah, that was a pretty decent sequel. It's more of the same (Ameagari No Hanabi), but with a different story and setting, which is fine by me. Music by AAAA is still really good, the artwork is really nice, the gameplay is the same fun thing, just more of it.
Absolutely amazing touhou fan game, definitely worth picking up. One part they did super well is the bullet pattern design. It's not just random spirals and rain of bullets, the patterns reflect the characters and the stage very well. For example, in one of Kogasa Tatara's attacks the bullets act like a tongue trying to lick you, as if the tongue from her umbrella is attacking you. You can really see the care and attention to detail that went into this game. It feels a little easier than other touhou games, but that's not really a problem for most people as you can just play on the next difficulty setting.  It also allows unlimited retries so you are free to beat the game on lunatic with 400 retries if you want to see what that's like. (Not sure if using a retry changes the ending bc there's no english patch, really the only downside to this game) Overall it borrows very heavily from the touhou series in the music, spell cards, and obviously the characters, but it combines the elements it takes into a game that feels fresh and is a blast to play.
Do you like puzzle games and word play? Then this is the game for you.I admit, I bought this game on a whim, because it was cheap but I definitely recommend it enough, that I'm writing a review for it. I was expecting ony a few levels, but from the top of my head, there's about 400 puzzles alltogether. The gameplay is simple enough for anyone to understand (You are given a phrase as a clue and you have to shift the words in the phrases in such a manner, the solution gets spelled out.) , I'd wager, but you should come equipped with a good vocabulary to conquer this challenge.Defenitely worth picking up if you're looking for a brain tingler.
tl;dr: A quality minimalist typing game with opportunity to evolve!I like this game!There's no lag on recognizing keystrokes (that I noticed)The bokeh effects are quite nice without being distracting and I'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of the music (I go with the "S.P.R" option, but they're all very decent).This game's definitely got a vibe.I did notice that despite being a game about typing, keyboard shortcuts aren't enabled in all menus. After completing a stage or a challenge, there are two buttons; one marked "Restart" and another marked "Menu" and both need to be mouse clicked. I hope the dev(s) consider working hotkeys into the game. This game's compelling enough that I don't want to take my hands off the keyboard!Really, just some quality-of-life tweaks and more window dressing (maybe other bokeh shapes or rain or something) could add more to the game. But I'm really just splitting hairs here, this is a very decent minimalist typing game with few to no distractions. I can't wait to see if Beardman Studios expands on the ranked challenges. I would love more!Nice game!
The Soundtrack of this song (main menu) is worth four hundred kabillion dollars alone. Love this game and love this game company. Please make more games so I can give you all my money for a resonable price.
amazing.
A controversial and risque take on modern politics, but the message of the game is so well put-together. I'd recommend giving this one a buy not only because it's cheap, but it's a lot of fun and the story is absolutely phenomenal.
I played a bunch of the archery game from the lab, loved it, decided I needed more, and bought this. I am not at all dissapointed. The game is fantastic, and I'm sure it will give me plenty of playtime. It has 5 modes: Target practice, challenge, free shoot, endless, and juggling (where you try to keep apples in the air by continually shooting them). All of them feel great, and the game provides useful stats at the conclusion like accuracy, arrows fired, score and grade. The one complaint I have is that I wish it had some kind of a high score tracker - it doesn't need to be complex, but just some way of comparing your results against previous trials. That beign said, this is a great, well-polished archery game.EDIT: The dev implemented scoreboards, rejoice!
my brain hurts after reading this, and i love it
It's gud! Lots of fun killin stuff. Doesnt make me want to vomit!
w
A lovely game that really draws you in, the music and ui aswel as the sound effects really work together to draw someone into playing the game more. The puzzles start off easy and get progressively harder and if you cannot be challenged by the puzzles, try out the editor! :D
Really fun game :) One thing I'd like to add. I was playing for the first time in the Credits Section and I fiund out I wasted all of my white cubes. I tried to find a way to get out of the credits section but didn't see a way and had to restart the game. Overall, very good joob.
Satisfying but very short platformer. Good for around an hour or so of entertainment, so you should probably buy it on sale, in a bundle, etc.My only major gripes are that the achievements don't seem to work on the Linux build and the game seems to randomly crash when completing a level.
Steam is now great again
Great simple game to play with some friends.
It's no Binding of Isaac. Not even close. That being said it's still a pretty good game, and (unlike Isaac) the lack of dead babies/torture/satanic imagery/killing your mother from inside her womb/poop means that I can play it with my nephew without his mom getting all weird. So that's nice.
Deeply moving cinematic experience. Theres also a shark with tits
Quick and painless, OiK 4.
Simple but memorable.
Love the game, love the soundtrack,LOVE IT!!
I like it it's fun I don't get whats the defrents between the level alantis sub vs level 2 but it's fun and cool
2v2 is fun and relaxing. When I was playing 1v1, the bot would keep pissing me off because I would mess up often making it win. I got 1 draw. I think I'll stick to other one-handers unless I'm playing with friends.
Very interesting game so far, very simple yet fun, with potential to add even more.Still having some issues with the ball flying through walls, but otherwise everything is wokring smoothly and I'm quite enjoying itSome ideas for imnprovement:A mode without ball control and shootingReplays for goalsCustomizable mapsI know these may not be the easiest, but they would make great additions to the game
To be honest, bought the game because the name. But its was greater than just that. Nice job.
Would be a great game, only if you had a full 360* camera
+ Involving mystery that delivers new clues across every route+ Excellent cast of characters+ Competent, savvy and brave protagonist+ Bad endings are an important part of the storytelling+ Dateable ladies!+ At least one poly ending, with lots of most excellent poly shipping hints in general+ Friendship routes are available if you don't want to smooch anyone+ Sex scenes are non-explicit, focus on character dynamic, and are basically all optional- The true route doesn't quite live up to its potential- Mishandling of certain LGBTQ elements along a specific route- Character designs are great, but the actual art looks stiff and disproportioned at timesStop me if you've heard this one before: A group of strangers wake up trapped in an isolated environment, with no memory of how they got there, where the threat of danger is ever-present and no one can fully be trusted.This describes quite a few visual novels, but chances are the ones that immediately leapt to mind—999, Danganronpa—were all quite good. And luckily, SoulSet fits snugly among them with its ability to weave a good mystery across multiple routes and endings.If you're bored of generic otome slice-of-life plots, SoulSet delivers a well-written fantasy thriller that's immensely refreshing. Not only do the characters pretty much always do the logical thing, they're downright smart. Half the time they think of something I wouldn't have. I was slightly disappointed that all the clues and information eventually added up to answers that, while logical, didn't quite build up to an emotional climax the way e.g. Danganronpa does. But the fact I'm even comparing an indie VN made by a two-person team to one of the most popular VN franchises says a lot in and of itself.The characters are a good combination of complex and likeable. The entire cast bounce off each other in fun ways, occasionally even pairing off over the course of a route if you focus on someone else's path. Mariko is a great heroine to have at the center of it all. I was beyond thrilled to realize that the cool goth lady with the metal claw was going to be my player character. She's convincingly confident, flirty, and clever, a breath of fresh air in a world of blandly naive otome heroines.Unlike most otome games, the characters don't just stop talking to you when you're not pursuing them. No matter which route you're on, the characters (and their relationships with Mariko) are constantly being developed. The subplots they have going on never simply vanish just because you've chosen not to focus on them. Sometimes not getting involved will have consequences. It makes the characters feel nicely independent of your influence, driven by their own struggles and motivations.I'd recommend not bothering to follow a guide or recommended route order at all, at least at first. Every route you play reveals new information (which the game keeps track of as colour-coded "clues"), eventually unlocking new paths for the story to take. That means no matter what ending you get, it's never a waste of time. This includes the bad endings. A lot of VNs use bad endings to punish you for making the wrong decisions, often just insta-killing you so you're forced to restart a scene. Not so in SoulSet. Bad endings are carefully thought out branching points that, like everything else in this game, constantly feed you an addictive drip of information and insight into the characters' motivations.I do have two complaints, both quite spoilery.  Shira's crossdressing isn't handled well at all. She could have been written as fully trans, which would have been fine. Having her identify as a guy with no qualms about his gender is an odd choice, but it also could have been alright if it were written tactfully. Instead it honestly felt like the writers had no idea how to write characters with blurred gender identities. Shira's pronouns were a mess. There's never a discussion about whether he'd prefer masculine, feminine, or neutral pronouns, but the narration continues using "she" even though he apparently sees himself as a cis guy? And then there's the revelation of Shira's "real" voice at the end, or the way Mariko basically says that what he's got below the skirt proves he really is a guy during their sex scene... The route also gives you the option to tell Shira you feel "cheated," which is horrible wording that's even more jarring because the following scenes actually handle the situation with maturity and grace, and wind up being a rather touching establishment of friendship. Overall, the way it was written was quite disappointing given how great the game is with its other LGBTQ elements.  In addition, I found the final route that can only be accessed after completing all the others somewhat lacklustre. It isn't all that rare to have one character be the true/canon love interest; said love interest was even one of my favourites. But the route still didn't feel quite right given everything that came before it. I couldn't help but be disappointed by how Apris, Shirr, and Yvonne were sidelined during Marco's true route, especially since Mariko remembered all her individual romances with them from the other timelines. They were practically written out completely through plot shenanigans. It made it feel like the bond Mariko had with them wasn't as important. It's kind of baffling that you can get a poly ending that includes Shira but not the others. Shirr's good ending actually felt happier for the group at large. Although it's entirely possible I'm just salty about the lack of a poly cuddlepile ending that includes everyone.TL;DR: Even with a handful of writing complaints, this is easily one of the best otome games I've played, putting as much emphasis on plot as it does on romance. I can't wait to get my hands on Whiteheart Woods and any other future VNs by this team.
this game is awesome you need to get it
gREAT gAME Dont play for moore than2 hours
FYI this is NOT fanservice anime.The Pixel Puzzles 2 series (Anime, Birds, Space) certainly has improvements over their first 2 tries (Japan and Zombies). 25 puzzles (26 if you count the like 20 piece minigame)Pros:-Good afk time killer that you don't need to pay attention to-The pieces no longer are rotated to the correct position making this series a decent amount more difficult.-Decent powers that aren't 100% tied to dice roll of putting down the right piece to fill a bar. Now there are 3 powers 1- Correct rotation for piece 2- Ghost image 3- Show placement on board for current piece.-The "puzzle moat" where the pieces are is much improved in this series-It's a puzzle game you really should know what to expectCons:-Unplayable with sound. There is a "helpful" fairy that won't shut up and there is no options to disable so just turn off audio and put on whatever you like listening to since the sounds don't add much anyway.-Each puzzle only has X number of pieces you can't play any with different piece counts, same as the first series.IMO it's worth it on a sale. I play this afk at work so this is great as it never requires 100% of my attention.Edit: They apperently did update where you can press "Delete" and it will remove the fairy but the game does not tell you that, had to read it on a forum.Had ~25 hours when I finished all of the puzzles but that is time the game was open and not actual gameplay.
I've really enjoyed the game itself, the hardest part for me seems to be I don't really feel like the different work modes and options available for projects seem to do much, aside from overtime and refactoring. And, understanding how the different mood levels and thing work is pretty difficult for me, but that's probably a personal issue.I do very much enjoy having a small home garage full of employees who are happy to never get a raise and will never intentionally quit no matter how bad it gets tho. I'm getting them in the 30's on their skills now and am happy with their performance.Can't wait to see what CryptoFall is all about, it seems interesting. Too bad I've never gotten far enough in this game to have cryptocurrency be invented yet.
I felt like scott lucas when i loaded this game just after he kicked 7 goals in a quater on his bombing left foot. I expected all the roast beef rolls in the world for only 7.99, instead i was given and Ed Cowan duck and only dissapointment. 3/7 would build wall again.
charming and faithful remake of the classic helicopter save-em-up cyclone, with some well-designed quality of life improvements.  collect the mystery crates and winch the stranded civilians to safety, while avoiding the deadly storm and other airborne hazards!
I love this game. Great graphics and lore, tons of fun pop culture references and doesn't take itself too seriously. Fun game good for that D&amp;D kick.
Dancing girl dance dance dance
This game is insanely fun and also a great workout, I can't recommend it enough if you enjoy games like BeatSaber or Pistol Whip I highly recommend adding this to your collection as well. I am very excited to see what the future holds for this game.
Fun little puzzle game, only have done co op but imagine all four lifts going would be funny.
What a wonderful surprise this game is! Imperfect, sure, but without question one of the best indie visual novels I've played by far.To get to the nitty-gritty: I'm here for story and characters, first and foremost, and Queen at Arms delivers with an exceptional amount of creativity, and a refreshing amount of polish. This is the best handling of gender as a concept I have encountered in any game, addressed within the narrative with a naturality, maturity, and thoughtfulness that are refreshing in the extreme. The characters are fully realized, flawed, believable, relateable, and distinct from one another in personality, voice, and approach; while I have not played all available routes, I am happy to note that not only are the number of options staggering for a small project, with a variety of genders and sexual preferences available, but more relationships than straightforward "romance" are on the table. Relationships take time and many forms, and intimacy is more than physical. Queen at Arms smartly obligates you to choose where to allocate your time and energy both in interacting with your peers, as well as in battle. Some choices might have more optimal results than others, but there's more than one way to win a war, and victory can take many forms. While I feel that the game's greatest strength is in the impressive life breathed into its characters, the story isn't playing a distant second fiddle. I wouldn't say that any plot twists or turns took me by surprise, exactly, but the world is lived-in, the belief systems detailed enough to have divergences and hypocrisies, the magic is grounded and costly, and battles have consequences both political and personal. Nothing happens in this game with a shrug: while the first half of the game's narrative felt (to me) more polished and tight than the second, for the most part it earns its consequences throughout, and even the higher flights the story takes have a solid foundation. The overall writing in Queen at Arms is obviously lovingly crafted work, and the attention and care lavished on it make its strengths shine in a way that I'd argue few visual novels even with higher production values can match.From the nitty-gritty to the nit-picky, then: while the writing is terrific, I was ultimately disappointed in the main player character. With a clear story to tell, the player character is written not as the usual bland cypher with a pliant attitude: Marcus Cordale is, more or less, a set personality. While some others might prefer a more nondescript avatar, I appreciate an established presence, myself-- however, I did become concerned early on that one of Cordale's main identifying traits was painful shyness to the point of muteness. Cordale talks very little, uncomfortably little, their verbal shyness so acute as to be remarked on in nearly every interaction for the first half of the game. This gave rise to growing concern, not because I dislike playing a socially awkward character, but rather that as it became abundantly clear that Cordale is destined for positions of authority and power, I wasn't sure how the transition from excessively shy and silent to commanding would work. It doesn't, frankly. Upon being given a position of command, Cordale's earlier silence falls away almost entirely, without anyone remarking on the change and without any transition. Making the shift in character harsher, Cordale speaks with far more informality and modern diction than is used by any other character in the game; it feels as though Cordale borrows contemporary speech patterns because in contrast to the other characters in the game, they were not established to have a voice of their own. The second half of the story, the plot overall feels murkier and less grounded, but I think that would have been easier to gloss over if the player character had been more consistent, or if their change seemed more intentional. Capping matters off is an incompletely realized PTSD arc that never quite got the emotional or practical purchase it needed to really work, though I nevertheless appreciated the underrepresented effort at establishing the costs of war. Lastly is the most obvious critique, which is simply the lack of polish in the artwork. Sprites are not bad, but they are amateurish, particularly when held against the excellent background art. It's a jarring contrast, with delicate, detailed, and muted landscapes, and flat, unshaded, brightly saturated sprites. The CGs would have been better left out altogether, suffering as they do both from the frequent VN problem of not resembling the character sprites much, and also of being the weakest art in the game. It feels like three separate artists worked in seclusion on the game imagery; nothing quite matches up, and it makes the overall effect seem sour. All told-- this is an excellent game, if imperfect, and I wish I'd bought it sooner. I think I'm a bit happier having caught a sale, but really, sale or not, if you think this might be in your wheelhouse, get it. It almost certainly will be a pleasant surprise.
You know what? I had a good time.
The game is beautiful and great. It has a lot of great ideas that keep you entertained all the time playing and has a lot of variety. I recommend it.But I hope the control signals are added to the left and right, not just back in all directionsThis is my experience of the gamehttps://youtu.be/7JKbeT4A2Hs
TL;DR: This is a bad game. Yes, this contradicts the recommendation, but it's a game that's so bad, it ends up pretty good. If you need to kill some time and mess around, this could be a good choice. Just buy it on sale.The Good:- Linear maps, easy to follow and understand- Simple battle menu- Wide variety of skills and spells for you to use- Piggybacking off the previous point, your very first skill is your strongest skill. No joke. It's even better than the one-hit kill spell you get later.- Equipment and drops are easy to get which sounds too easy, but it's a lifesaver since your equipment will keep on breaking through battles.- Music isn't too bad- This game is very player-friendly, especially for kids.The Bad:- Your character, Bria, receives "character development" through two or three monologues she has in the entire game. That's it. She talks to herself and decides "Yeah...I think"- This game is RPG Russian Roulette. You will miss 80% of the time and the enemies will hit you 50% of the time. Half the battles are only long because both sides miss or they just straight up one-shot you after X turns. Stick to your first skill that costs literally 1 point to use and hits 100% of the time.- Side quests are portrayed as optional, but nearly all quests are mandatory if you want to proceed through the story.  You'd think they'd be more rewarding if you're going out of your way to help instead of rushing to help your grandmother that's dying by the minute. The Heck:- You can tell the story was rushed by the developer. It was a pretty solid story and would be pretty neat with more details, character development, and more.- The models are akin to the first result on a google search, combined with Photoshop, and animated by bouncing the model. Believe it or not, this just makes it worse because the game lags while trying to animate these mobs.- Saving costs gold. Yes,  saving your game progress costs gold .Summary:This game is bad, but it's so bad it's good. Well, not good good, just decent enough to be enjoyable.
Hey all! If you're interested in some gameplay, check it out here! Frankenstein: Beyond the Time is a hidden object game. It takes place in Frankenstein's mansion and you have to find various ingrediants in order to rebuild his monster! Each part you complete requires more items to be found. If you can't find them as time expires, they return to their place and you can go again.Pros:Atmosphere - the mansion looks great and there are plenty of creaks and objects to keep you on your toes.Concept - not a lot like this in VR!Story - great use of Frankenstein in a way that hasn't been done. Can't wait to see where the story goes.Cons:Optimization - the game jutters on low settings and was unplayable for me on high settingsRepitition - It's basically the same thing over and over again but with a longer list of items to find.Price - Currently too high for what the game offersI'm currently reccomending the game because I think it's off to a good start. That said, there needs to be more variance in the gameplay and/or the price needs to be adjusted. We'll see where this early access game develops!
very evidently first of the Mojo series, the art is more rudimentary when compared to the later titles. However, being the second longest Mojo game it more than makes up for this. The gameplay is just right to be both mindless and fun, try listening/watching something in the background it really rounds out the experience.7/10-The creator cant draw vaginas.
THIS IS NOT A POSITIVE REVIEW, BUT NOT A NEGATIVE ONE AS WELLDoodle God: Alchemy Jam is shortly described as "Short experimental puzzle game, based on Doodle God alchemy mechanics". And this really describes the game fully. Probably most of us know "Alchemist" game (example here.: littlealchemy.com ). Players start off with 4 baisic elements: Fire, Water, Air and Ground, and mixing them create more things, like trees, animals, metals, humans ect. Just be god. Some of the combinations are logical (eg.: Air+Stone=Sand), others are not (Plant+Plant=Seed), and others are... really, I have no idea who came up with them (Lizard+Stone=Animal) [Notice: I havent played alchemy in a while, so I used examples from the game]. Doodle God: Alchemy Jam consists of 37 levels (what? It has been described to be shot. Also, I wouldn't really expect more levels to be added, or even achievements and cards since we are at it, there isn't anything on the community hub as well), goal of which is to reach one specific element/good form given ingredients. And that is basicly it. I have some objections to the way game handles mistakes - when you pair elements that don't lead to the desired outcome, game waits to the moment you can't make vaild combination with your remaining ingredients to restart the level. Fortunatelly, there is hint button, that pairs ingredients that are necessary towards the target result. Only limitation of its usage is ~1 minute cooldown, so when you get stuck, you just have to wait a few minutes for game to complete level for you. Also, animations are a little too long (I mean, it's ~1second, but still, they could go right to the end the moment you click for the second time). All in all, game can be completed in less than 40 minutes.To sum up, I can't really make up my mind whether to recomend the game or not. Sure, it has it's cons, but they were stated in the short game desciption, and it can be a bit fun, especially for it's price. 
although it is very short it has a very interesting story, good environment visuals and sountrack, definitely looking forward for more of this kind of storytelling games
The graphic isn't that bad after all but the gameplay itself doesn't have anything.More like a time killer game if you run out of anything to play in your Steam library.
100 % thats what we need a game full of tricks and good strategy and very addictive .... keep it up (y)
tl;dr Promising but not quite there yet.  The game isn't quite there yet, but it has some great potential.  For one thing, it's under tuned right now, I have like 3 games in and have beaten it on hard difficulty, and I never was in danger of losing.  And I'm not exactly an expert player.  I just replaced lower tier stuff with upper tier stuff.  The only thing I did formation wise was put the obviously tanky people in front.  I love the idea of a SP auto-chess like game and look forward to seeing what they've got in the pipe.
A quick, but satisfying game, definitely worth the price - a great deal of care has gone into the mechanics and environment design, and despite being short, it 's meditative and relaxing gameplay doesn't overstay its welcome. A well constructed homage to Nifflas, and a title well worth playing to fans of his work :)
I'm a lot into games that you just have to sit and enjoy the story without any stress or worry. This is a game you won't stress over, you will just sit and enjoy the story you're creating. And the sense of accomplishment after giving my monster a full life made me happy in a very innocent way.Unfortunately, the customization is poor, you can't name your monster and the game is too rushed, so you don't have time to get attatched to your monster. But it was a nice experience for sure. I loved every second of it.
---[ Gameplay ]---☐ Must Play☑ Fun☐ Fine☐ Meh☐ Boring---[ Story ]---☐ Fantastic☐ Good☐ Meh☐ Bad☑ None---[ Difficulty ]---☐ Hard to Learn &amp; Hard to Master☑ Easy to Learn &amp; Hard to Master☐ Hard overall☐ Normal overall☐ Easy overall---[ Game Length ]---☑ Endless☐ Very Long ( 50+ Hours)☐ Long ( 20 - 50 Hours)☐ Average (10 - 20 Hours )☐ Short ( -10 Hours )---[ Graphics / Art Style ]---☐ Masterpiece☐ Beautiful☐ Good☐ Will do☑ Bad---[ Audio ]---☐ Fantastic☐ Good☑ Meh☐ Bad☐ Rhythm Game---[ Price ]---☐ Full price☑ Wait for Sale☐ Don't buy☐ Free.
This game is very challengeable. It has many stages that force to think and act fast if you want to move forward. I recommend this game to people who like Super Meat Boy and Celeste. If you are ready to die thousands time, this game is for you.
First of all, I need to mention how amazing the soundtrack is. It really needs a digital release.About the game itself, the story is its sole focus, which might not appeal to some people.Those that enjoy gaming as a story-telling media, this sure is a great story to be told.There are lighthearted moments and some short laughs, which in turn are a good contrast to the overall tension of the political setting.The dialogue is a bit inconsistent in tone, as part of the story was heavily enhanced by the writing, while at times the dialogue seemed unfit for what it intended to deliver.It also felt like there were a few missed opportunities, like the actual work as a senator not having a bigger part on the gameplay, but that could possibly stray too far from the original concept.I would have loved to see a deeper look on the political schemes of the Senate, also gameplay built around politics, passing and voting laws, convincing people to sponsor your propositions, making political deals... Maybe we could see that in a sequel about the main character's father and the events that lead to his assassination?
I remember when I learned about this ship once. It has a very strange and sad story looking into the vessel. Despite that it is the worst maritime disaster in human history, when I saw it come out tonight, I knew I had to give it a green light. The ship model looks good.
how do i access the tales of the sword coast expansion pack???
More Peter and more Michelle please!!!It was a short, yet nice point ´n´ click. Of course it wasn´t as brilliant as Broken Sword, SOMI and Co BUT there is most certainly potential to getting there and creating something as equally good. The characters could be a bit more witty. The voice acting was quite alright and the graphics good enough for my taste. The story lacked depth, but for the first game (if it was even your first) it was pretty good and had me interested in finding out what was going on on that island. Would definitely play a sequel, that is hopefully longer with an interesting story to go with it. Keep up the good work!
Super fun game! Very much like binding of isaac but more colourful. I would recomend a controller, but to each their own. Also it's more fun to say "hypersensitive boob" than "...bob." All in all, fun. 5/7, would play again.
A charming little game set in a peaceful valley.
I was gifted this game as a child when the game had been released on CD. Being the impatient child I was, I quickly got stuck, ragingly frustrated, and gave up on the game.As some of the puzzle solutions were included on the packaging itself, I had to google a few solutions, but I can now move on with my life content with the knowledge and childish satisfaction that the game didn't beat me in the end.
ITS VERY GOOD pls make a remastered version
Stays true to the Touhou franchise.
It is enjoyable and fun but do not bother buying it as the game is pretty much abandoned by the so called developer.
I like this corny game.
id like a refund of my money
New engine but not less lovely! &lt;3
Now here's an example of a game I didn't know I wanted: A Ticket Arcade Simulator. I still remember the rare times I was able to go to such arcades in my childhood. I never had enough tokens in order to get the big prizes, but now, I have that chance. :)This is a fun one that is actively worked on by a One-Man-Band.
used a coupon on this for the achievements but the game is pretty good, it gets repetetive tho, theres not much to it, id like a multiplayer mode where we can fight 1v1 who stays up the longest thatd be pretty interesting :D
A+ Good funny game play.. Variable difficulty... from easy to challenging... recommended.Works well with Steam Play (Proton) on Linux.
Can confirm the game can be played with one hand.
I really enjoyed this game !It took me a bit less than 2 hours to complete, short, but really nice graphics in a cool world of robots, really immersive and polished.Gameplay is kind of escape room like, in a simple way.Hope there'll be another one :)
Funny, short, cute.
This Game is simple and fun.Pros :&gt; The music is good and relaxing&gt; The design is really nice&gt; Level editor is very easy to use, tooSuggestions (i don't know if this game will be updated, but ill write stuff i think it would be cool in the game anyways)&gt; Be able to custom blocks in level editor(like coloring a block with a color or even drawing something in it), so it would be possible to create pixel art levels &gt; Larger levels (i fell like 5x5 is not big enough), 9x9 (or more) levels would be nice&gt; Be able to create levels with more than five snakes (at least with 6 snakes) in level editorI recommend this game for everyone :D
I can't figure out how to leave a review for the DLC so I'll just post this here. Haven't even played the base game. There's no actual nudity in the DLC Wallpapers or Daikia-whatevers. The "NSFW" versions just have them in their underwear and occasionally corsets.  Maybe this is standard for Steam virtual novels, I have no clue because I've never bought one before. Just feels like something you should know before buying the Deluxe edition. So now you know.
fun little game
Really fun. Just had a good time playing as a viking. Quite simple to play but very satisfying to do :D
Ok the bad; the game is incredibly buggy, cut-scenes are very choppy if they work at all.   The game does tend to crash and one chapter with Jane at the waterfalls would not load for me at all and I had to start over.  The good it is a really fun game when it isn't being buggy.  I enjoyed the puzzles and suffered through the crashes and the forced replay because I did enjoy the story and the puzzles.  I would love to see a sequel with updated technology.
The game has a variety of challenges and types of ships needing different playing styles.  It does take a LONG time to research ships and progress up tiers, however.
I really like this game on the surface it has a decent storyline, and the minigames are fun, as well as the way you go about advancing the story. The only problem with this game is that it is too short and lacks depth. You don't want to be able to finish the game in under 3 hours the first time around, even less if you play it more than once. I think there is room for development and for the storyline to be fleshed out more. Also I think it should tell you which rooms you missed collectibles in (but thats just me cuz i couldnt find all of them :P ). Overall, would recommend for a short puzzle/hidden object game.
The game is making me rate it so that I can have a 50% chance to win the next game. YOLO
the graphics are cute, its fun to play with friends, very challenging, makes ya think the game play is fast, colorful and cordinated but my one and ONLY problem is that its WAYYY  too short. I'm talkling 10 hours and its already over for a game about COOKING. not only that but to get extra content you gotta pay like 30 dollars to get every DLC . I'm just saying the base game should be way longer than what i was given
Only 30 min in and i have to take a break. Tons of fun and pretty challenging as well. Id say its a must have VR title.
I have a thing for hidden object games and I must say I really liked this one. I really liked the art, very beautiful. It had a good story (a bit predictable, but isn't this always the case with these sort of games? :p), nice voice acting... I'm a fan of these!
This kind of game is wonderful. Though I haven't finished this game, I can feel its fantastic world and funny words. However, the game flow is quite short. At the beginning I can't make sense what happened. But with the story goes on, the plot indicate everything which was hidden before. The more you play(or read?) the more you want to keep playing. Besides, this game has subtitles that means you can choose at least two languages shown on the scree. I think it's a good game to learn both Japanese and English although some English translation is not good enough. After playing this game, I will choose simplify Chinese to play it again because something I can't catch the pinpoint. In summary, I don't regret to buy this game at the full price and I'm going to recommend this game to my friends who want to play this kind of games or are about to learn Japanese.
Bidding keeps the game fair. I have played 100+ times and still like it.
Havent been this hooked on a game since car mechanic simulator
Always my favorite since Nintendo DS.
This game is like a nice round of miniature golf combined with world/physics discovery elements that reminded me of Braid.  You get the same jolt of adrenaline that you would feel getting a hole in one by banking a golf ball off 3 walls, rolling down the hill, going through the windmill and into the hole...except the windmill is in space...with variable gravitational pulls.  Super fun discovering the different mechanics in each level and the variety throughout the game.  Everything from timing-based levels to bank shots to full-on Rube Goldberg machine goodness.  Since you can't go play miniature golf anyways due to quarantine, pick this one up and have a great time testing your skill.
A nice, simple strategy game. Not complicated, but very simple.
wicked game love it
A fun cheap holiday game. Well worth the 2 bucks I spent on it
The girl is sooo realistic!
This game takes You back to the ancient Egypt wars. Shoot the color balls and listen the funny artillery music with incredible sounds of shooting balls.
LOOOL, very funny game! Gore physics and deaths. God bless this game!
Need some relaxtion? Get your drink, light your candle and enjoy the music.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oeo2VCCtUZQhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74MD0u4jREc
OK.... What can I say abot the game... It was quite good but still kinda short . From my perspective the character development and story gets a solid 10/10 for sure the animation a 8/10(what was with the too small mouths) and the only rating that everyone cares about my personal enjoyment 10/10 would buy the game 10 times again!!!
I'm 43, and enjoyed this game enormously! To be honest, I just ended the first playthrough and was somewhat shocked to see the credits already - there'll have to be a bunch of sequels, or else I have to kill a cute little kitten!Such a  lovely masterpiece, as all parts of the game work perfectly together ... the art, the writing, the music, the gameplay, the pacing ... sigh &lt;3
I think the game is awesome but we played it so much different than what the designers want us to play until level 13 we didnt use speed bar i mean we didnt change it from the start when we understand that we can manipulate it, the game is totaly went to another level its all in all great and the game almost is free in terms of its price. So I think if u have enough spare time to play it go and buy it.
⠀⠀⡯⡯⡾⠝⠘⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⢊⠘⡮⣣⠪⠢⡑⡌⠀⠀⠀⠟⠝⠈⠀⠀⠀⠡⠀⠠⢈⠠⢐⢠⢂⢔⣐⢄⡂⢔⠀⡁⢉⠸⢨⢑⠕⡌⠀⠀⡀⠁⠀⠀⠀⡀⢂⠡⠈⡔⣕⢮⣳⢯⣿⣻⣟⣯⣯⢷⣫⣆⡂⠀⠀⢐⠑⡌⢀⠠⠐⠈⠀⢀⢂⠢⡂⠕⡁⣝⢮⣳⢽⡽⣾⣻⣿⣯⡯⣟⣞⢾⢜⢆⠀⡀⠀⠪⣬⠂⠀⠀⢀⢂⢪⠨⢂⠥⣺⡪⣗⢗⣽⢽⡯⣿⣽⣷⢿⡽⡾⡽⣝⢎⠀⠀⠀⢡⣿⠀⠀⠀⢂⠢⢂⢥⢱⡹⣪⢞⡵⣻⡪⡯⡯⣟⡾⣿⣻⡽⣯⡻⣪⠧⠑⠀⠁⢐⣿⠀⠀⠀⠢⢑⠠⠑⠕⡝⡎⡗⡝⡎⣞⢽⡹⣕⢯⢻⠹⡹⢚⠝⡷⡽⡨⠀⠀⢔⣿⡯⠀⢈⠈⢄⠂⠂⠐⠀⠌⠠⢑⠱⡱⡱⡑⢔⠁⠀⡀⠐⠐⠐⡡⡹⣪⠀⠀⢘⣿⣽⠀⡀⡊⠀⠐⠨⠈⡁⠂⢈⠠⡱⡽⣷⡑⠁⠠⠑⠀⢉⢇⣤⢘⣪⢽⠀⢌⢎⣿⢾⠀⢌⠌⠀⡁⠢⠂⠐⡀⠀⢀⢳⢽⣽⡺⣨⢄⣑⢉⢃⢭⡲⣕⡭⣹⠠⢐⢗⣿⡗⠀⠢⠡⡱⡸⣔⢵⢱⢸⠈⠀⡪⣳⣳⢹⢜⡵⣱⢱⡱⣳⡹⣵⣻⢔⢅⢬⡷⣷⡇⡂⠡⡑⢕⢕⠕⡑⠡⢂⢊⢐⢕⡝⡮⡧⡳⣝⢴⡐⣁⠃⡫⡒⣕⢏⡮⣷⡟⣷⣻⣅⠑⢌⠢⠁⢐⠠⠑⡐⠐⠌⡪⠮⡫⠪⡪⡪⣺⢸⠰⠡⠠⠐⢱⠨⡪⡪⡰⣯⢷⣟⣇⡂⡂⡌⡀⠀⠁⡂⠅⠂⠀⡑⡄⢇⠇⢝⡨⡠⡁⢐⠠⢀⢪⡐⡜⡪⡊⣿⢽⡾⢹⡄⠕⡅⢇⠂⠑⣴⡬⣬⣬⣆⢮⣦⣷⣵⣷⡗⢃⢮⠱⡸⢰⢱⢸⢨⢌⣯⢯⣟⠸⣳⡅⠜⠔⡌⡐⠈⠻⠟⣿⢿⣿⣿⠿⡻⣃⠢⣱⡳⡱⡩⢢⠣⡃⠢⠁⡯⣟⣞⡇⡿⣽⡪⡘⡰⠨⢐⢀⠢⢢⢄⢤⣰⠼⡾⢕⢕⡵⣝⠎⢌⢪⠪⡘⡌⠀⡯⣳⠯⠚⢊⠡⡂⢂⠨⠊⠔⡑⠬⡸⣘⢬⢪⣪⡺⡼⣕⢯⢞⢕⢝⠎⢻⢼⣀⠀⠁⡂⠔⡁⡢⠣⢀⠢⠀⠅⠱⡐⡱⡘⡔⡕⡕⣲⡹⣎⡮⡏⡑⢜⢼⡱⢩⣗⣯⣟⢀⢂⢑⠀⡂⡃⠅⠊⢄⢑⠠⠑⢕⢕⢝⢮⢺⢕⢟⢮⢊⢢⢱⢄⠃⣇⣞⢞⣞⢾⢀⠢⡑⡀⢂⢊⠠⠁⡂⡐⠀⠅⡈⠪⠪⠪⠣⠫⠑⡁⢔⠕⣜⣜⢦⡰⡎⡯⡾⡽
Big warning: This is huge tear-jerker series packed into a single game, furthermore this is a visual novel so do treat this more like a reading activity rather than a game.Most of the content on this anthology is locked behind DLCs, the base game itself is pretty cheap (because 1 &amp; 2nd side is free) but even so, the base game itself is worth it. The price that you pay for this is the final closure chapter on what happened on 2nd side (since 2nd side presented its story differently).I highly recommend buying this anthology as a starter to the series. Although if you're on a budget Narcissu 1 &amp; 2 is free here on steam, just search it here (sadly yes, the Narcissu 1 &amp; 2 is a bit superior compare to anthology right now, mainly because it has a native Mac and Linux port but that may change in the future).Mainly you're good with the base game since you can do the Narcissu 2 &gt; epilogue &gt; 1  or 1 &gt; 2 &gt; epilogue reading. Majority of the DLCs are just icing on the cake, Zero being the most important one among the three while the others are nice haves.The novels are short by the way, you could probably manage to finish the entire series in under a day, but most likely you won't since you'll probably may want to take breaks, if you know what I mean ;)
This game is beautiful. I was so mesmerized while playing, I lost complete track of time. I really wish that it was easier to build things out of the logs you chopped down, but I could have spent hours in the game just launching trees into the sky.
If you like hard platformer, well this is a game you will like.I do not, but anyway I enjoyed the game and I was pushed by the sense of challenge to finish the game.It will take you a couple of hours (depends on how many time you will die, and will be a lot) but, considering the small price, it's worth it.The main problem of the game is how it handles the wall jump, there is not a specific sprite that makes you clear that it's the right moment to press the jump button and this sometimes feels frustrating.
I really enjoyed the old Sally games and was looking forward to this one! However it is another clone of the 'Delicious' style of gameplay and has character crossovers with a silly storyline. It is still fun to play and I do like the franchise so I do recommend this game if you enjoy those ones. I just miss the old style Sally games as they had a more relaxed feel, better controls, pleasant graphics and didn't have Sally doing very annoying dancing at the end of each game!
Finders is a bit different from the usual Alawar strategy/management games (of which I have played many). Untimed with infinite resources. By infinite, I mean there is always a way to get more of what you need. Different actions require certain resources and time. Some tasks are done quickly while others can take minutes. Buildings can be freely placed on an isometric grid. There aren't dedicated spots like most Alawar strategies. There is a decent number of types of resources that each have a purpose. Cooking can be done to use resources/ingredients to make food and stat boost items (faster workers, etc). Smelting to make more valuable ingots to sell for money. All items can be sold to raise money. Some ingredients can only be obtained by buying them from town. Later in the game, there are demand spikes that make random items worth 3x more than usual. Selling in-demand items is a good way to raise the money required for the very expensive vehicles, upgrades, etc. Random, optional objectives will appear that provide rewards if completed. The graphics have a bit more detail than the usual Alawar cartoony style.There are also different mini games inside of the overall resource gathering and building part: Bejeweled-style Match 3 game for mining : 3 blocks is a standard clear, 4 gives one type of power up, and 5 gives a stronger one. Ore is trapped in the dirt that is cleared as blocks are matched beside them. Fishing mini-game : A dialog appears when a fishing spot is clicked. Bread (crafted) is used as bait. Different type of fish can be caught. One of them is used in crafting, and the others are either used just to replenish food or sell for money. Alchemy-style puzzles : There aren't many, but some objectives require this type of puzzle to be completed. A pile of items are shown, and they have to be combined in the right order to meet the objective. Doing it without making mistakes will get you a money bonus. A few different types of logic puzzles  : By no means are they brain-bending, but there are a few other puzzles to complete as objectives.There are some things that keep this from being a perfect casual game, but I wouldn't call them cons. Some of the words used are a bit odd. It's obvious that they are a case of "lost in translation". For instance, to fish, the action you take is "Put Out". That sounds like something you do on a date. I would expect "Cast", "Cast Line", etc. Landing the fish is done with "Strike". I would expect "Reel In" as the action. There are also a few oddities in the in-game achievement descriptions. There are in-game achievements that could've easily been implemented as Steam achievements. I like going after achievements, and I completed all of them in the game. It would be nice if they were also in my achievement collection.I really liked the game. It was about as long as I expect almost any Alawar title to be, and the overall variety made it a bit more than a reskinned resource/time/worker management game. I got this game on sale for $1.49, and it was definitely worth it. The full price isn't too bad, either.On a side note: I'd like to know how people are getting keys to publish reviews of partial play-throughs. I review fully-completed games for free. :P---For more... My Reviews || My casual gaming...  Group | Curator Page
I like this game and its music! It helps a lot against boredom but lets be honest..am I the only one who gets slightly aggressive in some places in the game?
hmd Does not support?
It is just now,early access.so,I measure with future update expectation.1.picture  Total appraisal is good.main characters are very good.but,others are not good.same picture is used.2.story  I'm looking forward to update.just say that.3.music  Very good. uncanny feeling.I can't express myself in English.but,it is really good.4.system  Not good. battle system is unkindness and too difficult for me.I was wiped out again and again.add very easy mode,please. cleared event can see again and again is only good.I want to be update instantly.
This is a great game! Clean, pleasing graphics and puzzles that build in difficulty and complexity. Highly recommend for people who enjoy logic puzzles!
What is Prodeus?"Prodeus is a first-person shooter of old, re-imagined using modern rendering techniques. It reaches the quality you expect from a AAA experience while adhering to some of the aesthetic technical limits of older hardware. The game features a hand-crafted campaign from industry FPS veterans, a fully-integrated level editor, and a built-in community map browser for instantaneous action with nearly limitless levels to play."The story:"You play as a corrupted agent of Prodeus, hell bent on destroying your creator and everyone that gets in your way."The good things:• The best part about this game are the built-in level editor and the community map browser. These two things alone will make sure that this game will not be restricted to the repetitiveness of playing the campaign only- not to mention you can make your own levels as well! This will also surely increase the longevity of the game's popularity.• There's a lot of weapons. I believe there are 12 weapons in the game right now, and at least 6 more weapons are on the way. As for comparison, Doom II had 9 weapons.• The music is great. I'm a huge fan of Andrew Hulshult's work and there's even a secondary soundtrack (MIDI) option which is respectfully composed by James Paddock- the guy who made the Sigil MIDI soundtrack. (James Paddock &gt; Buckethead)• The level design is SUPERB! I believe Dragonfly (one of the devs) livestreams himself creating levels on Twitch which is just amazing to see them behind the scenes. The vods are also uploaded on YouTube. The levels themselves are not too long and not too short, perfect in length. • Graphics are good. The lighting in this game is really good and I also like the art direction (except the sprites). The environments and how they look are phenomenal.• According to Generalvivi, there are currently 16 campaign levels in Early Access. I've also heard that the game's length is basically 1/3 done, so there could be around 50 levels? I think there's probably going to be around 32 levels because that's what Doom did and Prodeus loves to copy Doom!• The user-interface of this game is really good. I enjoy the responsiveness and design of the menu.The bad things:• This game is WAY TOO EASY! The first time I played this game, I set the difficulty to the hardest one available, and it was extremely easy. The devs need to do something. Make enemy attacks faster, remove checkpoints, make the floor attack you, make enemies respawn, make every single enemy a hitscanner- Something! PLEASE! All the enemies are just so easy and not challenging at all. I've had more combat challenges with HROT and that game is what I'd consider to be in Early-Early Access.• There's an option for rendering 3D models instead of sprites- why can't it make the weapons 3D and have actual real-time reloading animations instead of being stuck with 12-frame animations?? Maybe it's planned for the future, but if it isn't, very disappointing.• Checkpoints need to be reevaluated. Checkpoints have been known to be totally ridiculous since dying is NOT PUNISHING AT ALL! In every other game with checkpoints, if I die, I have to re-kill all of the enemies that killed me. In Prodeus, if I die, the game literally saves my progress from the moment I've died so it's like nothing happened at all. Wtf... I've heard that the developers are in the process of fixing this issue, which I'm glad and hope that dying will actually be punishing in the future.• Changing music from Andrew Hulshult's to James Paddock's (or other way around) doesn't take affect in-game, which is just a quality of life problem.• No achievements??? HROT has achievements and it's only 1/3 done! WTF man!In conclusion:This game is great, but also needs some more work. The only things that I would like to see done is have the game made significantly harder and add 3D weapon models which do not have 12 FPS animations. Besides that, the Prodeus dev team have done a great job!
I like the graphics with all those neons. Musics are cool too. But it doesn't challenge me as i expected from infinite runner game. If developers work on difficulty, it has potential to be addictive.In the game, as far as i understand (there is no story behind except description in store page) you are trying to run away  from a spaceship with a jetpack. You dont see the jetpack however controlling it helps you to levitate. It make me feel like i am in control which is important not to have nausea. While you are flying, you have to avoid obstacles. There are different stages at the game with different environments. And the main purpose of the game is beating your own highscore. It would be good to see others with leaderboard.As early access, it is worth what i paid as long as studio keeps their promises about updating the game with mentioned plan.
I played this game at PGA 2k19 and today it is much more enjoyable. Author know how to listen to community. I like that the beggining isn't such boring like it used to; crafting powerups is also interesting. Imo multiplier is too hard to get and too much random. I think replacing current system with very short period whitch allow to get multiplier would be better. I would also like to have an opportunity to change volume ingame, not only on/off. Anyway I like this game as a relax after work. Don't need to focus to have fun, but it also allow to tryharding and achieving highscores (game has online ranking). Great job my Czech friend! :)
I am still not sure what to think about this game. The music is fantastic and I should have bought the bundle to begin with. The game does not explain itself. I had no clue what the heck I was doing! Just watch my game play video below and laugh at my incompetence.https://youtu.be/RmsP9z0bWGIThe video reveals what you will be experiencing at 1080p first time launching.
Really a good game. i enjoyed every single second of it. Absolutely gorgeous graphics and some great physics too.So over all i would fully recommend this game to anyone who wants to have fun. And who doesn't like to have fun?
my kids love it!!
This is one of the first VR games I've played, but it is really fun.I had to get used to throwing things, but with some practice, it gets easier.One thing I didn't like was when the zombies get real close to you, they almost completely block your view, but it's not a problem if you can keep them at bay! hahaOther than that, I really loved playing it. I especially liked the stage with many rifles because shooting is much easier for me than throwing and the guns are very accurate in this game.I also like the visual style and speed of the game. The environments and characters are interesting and cool. The speed of the game is perfect. You never get bored while figuring out how to interact with your surroundings while keeping the zombies off your back.There are plenty of things to figure out to keep you playing and coming back for more so replayability is good!Overall, this is a fun game and I'd recommend it to anyone who has a VR set!
Has cool achievement icons
honestly good game just needs more levels i enjoyed it
one of the best games ive played this year
This is a bright and colorful causal time management game.  The mechanics are easy enough to learn and the pace seems to be fairly easy, at least in the early levels.  If you like games of this kind, then this one is unlikely to disapoint.
I am... surprised...I, just as many others, got a 90% dicount from completing Badges on this game and therefore got it for 10 cents. At first I thought that even if it is just junk, i might as well try it for that price.As it turns out, this game is actually pretty good. It' very easy to pick up and doesn't need any explaining; sh*t's coming at you, you need to avoid it. Yes, the whole thing might be a copy of a copy of a copy of an somewhat unique game and is therefore nothing new, but it's pretty good at that. The game is flashy, while not being annoying and has a pretty good soundtrack that might be a bit repetative at first but keeps unfolding while playing. It might seem impossible for some at first, but after playing it for a bit you get a hang of it and it actually feels pretty "rewarding" to finally break that previous top score without actually giving you something in exchange. Im still amazed about the fact that 3,5% of the players passed the 1000 poits mark but it of course shouldn't be too easy master.In conclusion, Spikit is a fun little game, with a nice soundtrack, pretty "adictive" gameplay and in my opinion defenitely worth its 10c, or even 99c when bought without a discount.Update:It's neraly midnight and I had to force myself to stop playing this game after passing the 500 points mark... as I said, it's kinda addictive.Also, I got 3 card, all worth 8-10 cents and therefore got the money back I spent.  8/10
Very enjoyable puzzle game. Nice balance of challenge, some real headscratchers!
To play on my win 10 I had to right click on game exe in Syberia folder and click property tab, compatability tab and check the square for "run in reduce color" and "640 by 480". I like the game so far.
We the people, in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity do ordain and establish this constitution for the United States of America.
Preliminary review. (WMR) This game is excellent, with a few notes.- There are only 3 tracks. This makes it a hard sell when compared to Pistol Whip, which is markedly similar, but has loads more songs. - There are more difficulties, and overall feels more challenging than Pistol Whip, There are also three weapon types which adds variety.- Timing feels slightly off, hard to get to a steady 90fps, and no options that I could find. Apparently you can play custom songs somehow, and the developers intend to add more songs and gameplay in the future, but right now is slightly lacking in content.
considering the price and the young age of the dev plus the fact he is only working by himself to my knowledge this game is great. updates are common so far and each one adds something new.
Good graphics, music is good. Somehow, Seb would have managed to be scared.
Preface: I am the #1 ranked Flint player on earth as of the time I am writing this. My word is law.This is the best piece of media I have ever experienced. Best money i have ever spent on anything. Buy the game and you too get to experience heaven on Earth
I'm recommending this game, but I personally am refunding it.The game is good, it's a nice little strategy puzzle game, it's very difficult which is great.The reason I am refunding however, is the developers really bizarre attitude that the terrible UI is a feature, not a problem. Take for example, logs - if left out, they degrade. To prevent this you have to put them in storage. However, when you click on the logs, you are presented with a choice of villagers, and only one action they can take - chopping the logs. You hit this, and they turn into a lumberjack automatically and chop the logs into planks. How do you store the logs instead? Well let me quote the advice from the moderators (and not corrected or contradicted by the dev):Start quote:This game is made to be HARD above all it was made in a way that you NEED to discover everything for yourself.The game is realistic, if you're struggling with the tree wood gathering (for example), then ask yourself a simple question: How a lumberjack (is that era of time) will do if he was in that situation?(sic)End quote.Yeah - the official line is that part of the difficulty of the game is learning a UI that was purposefully made to be hard.If that sounds like mana from heaven for you, then my recommendation stands - this game is genuinely good, you will have a lot of fun.If that is a turn off, then I drop my recommendation. Walk away, check back in 6 months to see if they have sorted it out. That's what I intend to do.
pros:the 3 girls are beautifully designed realistic skin large open mapbeautiful estate nice unlocks when you get the girls affection maxxed outcons:game breaking glitchesmodel glitcheshunting wildlife is easier with the suv than the gun, deer has too much hpsame asian VA for all three girls, pretty immersion breakingcant load save within the game, you gotta quit to main menuon ultra it makes my ryzen9+32gb ram+RTX3080 run very hard. i.e. poor optimizationi enjoyed the time i had with it, because i saw GmanLives review (on YouTube) of it before hand. i hope the devs add more to this game. i will return.
Great game! It is very face paced and easy to follow with. Although I do find it annoying when you enter a room, and die immediatly because some enemy shot you with their melee attack. But other than that its great!
Nice VR experience, especially when using 3D video playback. Like it.
This is definitely a great game and an unbeatable price. The only thing i'm having a problem with at the moment is i can't seem to turn my direction without turning my body. i understand it's vr but when i go to the desk to customize my car i'm facing away from my VR Sensors. I only have two at the moment and plan on getting a third but at the moment this is very aggravating.
get this game if you want to laugh until you die. 9/10 dentist recommend
Very short but good !This was 0 ep and take you before original story,  more episodes Is coming soonEnjoyable even without any word لعبة بسيطة بمحتواها وإمكانياتها لكن ممتعة --------------------------------------------------الكوميديا جميلة رغم عدم وجود حوارات او كلمة واحدة هي بنظام حلقات ، وهذه الحلقة كانت الحلقة 0 أي قبل القصة الأصلية ننتظر لنرى التكملة ^_^
Even though it's a pretty short and a simple game, I liked it a lot. I bought and finished it today, which is kind of sad though. I'm still going to keep this game for updates, which I hope are coming soon !
Neat little puzzle game. The main mechanic is zooming in and out of pieces of 'paper' with hand drawn pictures and animations, moving layers apart or over each other to create new pathways and unfolding some beautifully expressed vague story.The puzzle aspect is very good. Quite original and the art style is great. Don't know about the story, it's about.. .fruit and something.. really, no clue.Didn't like the special achievements though. Somehow I just couldn't make the connections in my head needed to complete some of them. Even with a video guide, the timed and 'use less than x clicks' achievement were still impossible for me to get. And you need to replay the whole game from start to finish if you fail. This left a bad aftertaste.Enjoy the game, ignore the achievements.
Hey Guys im new to VR and this is my 2nd review on any game. Once I got in the Pyramid I found myself lost in discovery and mysterious adventure. (which I must say made me jump a couple of times). If this is your type of game. Its money well spent. Thanks to the Dev Team. : )
This is a great game. If you want something that's a nice relaxing flight, this is your game. There is a time limit on each island, but they all seem like plenty of time, once you get to know where all the "courses" are. There aren't any real "courses". Simply trails of hoops to fly through. It's up to you how you navigate.It does become a challenge to fly through a row of hoops when a storm or vocano blows your way. But those are spaced-out enough that it's very enjoyable.
good game but i hate myself
Great game. Tons of fun building different teams and real historic players too.
Edit-- Just beat it- Was a fantastic game-- Looking forward for future content. Honestly- For the price this game is well worth the 8 bucks I paid for this and they plan on adding more content. -------------Really simple and relaxing game, kinda like that water pipe game. It does get challenging.Ran into some bugs and a level issue, devs got back to me personally, which felt odd-- Reflecting on it, it kinda made me think this is what early access is really about. Homie said he would fix and update the game quickly. Felt like the dude was personally making me a video game-- It was odd, but, hell... These are the kinda devs I want to support. Bottom-line if you are looking for a chill little puzzle game where you know the devs care about producing a quality game... I'd give this game a go.
New game, very buggy at the moment, mainly AI doesnt work to a decent degree,  need a pretty decent pc to run it without lag, not too many bad things though, cheap simple survival game, if it got a co-op mode and maybe a little more cuztomization with some things it would be better but its pretty cool none the less
enjoyable enough for what it is
Spent like 20 mins playing around in this game. Super easy to pick up and play I love the Power up bugs. the Death one is my favorite helps out when getting swarmed. but if you use the Green leaf centifeeder psh watch out bugs! imma comming to eat   you little bastards. Just unlocked the desert level can't wait.
great child game for problem solving and time managment
This invoked a crazy fear of falling for me. LOVED IT!
pog
Simple but great fun shoot em up. Collect power ups, blow things out of the sky, collect stars to unlock more planes. Overall about 3 hours of gameplay before you unlock everything. An excellent bargain for $.99. I got way more fun out of it than that!
This game looks and feels amazing.I want to play it a lot.The devs are still working on it and they listen to players' feedback.Definitely worth the price.
i have to work for the next 50 years filling out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ excel spreadsheets in the same cubicle until i am too weak to do so. then i will sit in a retirement home where a conveyor belt of different medications will be shoved down my throat. These chemicals will lull me into becoming an insipid shell of a human being, sat in a decrepit armchair in a permanent state of avolition. i will simply wait to die, undignified and all in vain. pretty decent game though, badly optimized performance-wise.
this game is amazing from the music to the charactors and the story  the combat takes a bit to get used to but the combat is what drew me to this game in the first place.
 Really good slow soundtrack, also the simple graphics really helped.  This would be one of my favorite games.
Awesome game with great betrayal mechanics! A definite selecion for future LAN parties!
Fun and enjoyable but jumping needs tweaking
nice
An interesting game of finding objects/ adventure (point and click).  The puzzles are easy and serve merely as a way to access the story (which is pretty good).  The puzzles are mostly fun, though as stated above they are easy, but some of the find missions (especially at one point towards the end) were a little frustrating, as the picture list at the bottom of the screen for what needs to be found is really too small (unless I missed a way to enlarge them).  The game is really short, although I have not completed the extra level that comes with the Collector's Edition, the main part lasted a few hours (I have to go back to find one steam-bug, there seems to be one in each illustrated background).  One thing I didn't like was the fact that you can not combine items, but rather must use them in the correct order at the right spot.  If you are looking for a fun little story in an interesting package you might enjoy this.  Also, it has three levels of difficulty (some penalize you for incorrect matches in the find part of the game), and a hint function that I can't comment on since I didn't use it.
I liked this.  As someone with an anxiety disorder, I really appreciate that people are practicing to try and make simulators to help in therapy.  Thank you.  The only problem I could find is that there is a strange lag in the Forest Day map.  It works fine for half a minute, looking around still fine, looking around quickly and we're still fine, walking and looking and we're still fine....then BAM!  It lags out for a brief moment, before going back to fine, then the cycle restarts.  None of the other maps seem to have this problem, and I'm thinking it's just because it's so big and has so many trees.  Even on the lowest quality graphics, it still has this cyclic lag.  The winter forest has some lag, but it's not nearly as bad as the forest day.  I got 0 lag on the forest night, which surprised me.  The forest day's lag makes me wonder if it has motion blur (which might be nauseating for some for VR).  Some solutions I can think of:  Maybe the ability to adjust the field of view, so we can control how many trees are forcibly loaded at once? Or perhaps even make a medium sized version of the forest day map (in which case the easiest would be to just duplicate the forest night and make a daylight version of that).  Some other things I could think of is maybe adding a map that you can toggle on/off.  One of the things that could cause anxiety problems in people who are prone to them is the lack of knowledge of where they are; even in a safe simulated world where there's no monsters, a simple map might ease this discomfort.  (Except for the Maze map of course)Even though I know the creator said this game is meant to be part practice and part joke, I think it still has some value as a relaxation game (even in this early stage).  For this reason, I'm hoping they will continue to allow this game to be usable even if someone doesn't have a VR headset.  VR has a lot of benefits and offers a unique experience, but unfortunately not everyone can use it without getting sick.  And for some people, having the VR headset on may even increase anxiety, because it cuts you off from seeing what's actually around you in real life (it's like a blindfold, really). The agoraphobia mode was a nice touch for raising awareness, but it does feel like it could have more.  Perhaps making the messages cycle through different things on a timer?  And have it combined with blurred vision (one of the things that can happen in a panic attack or even when you're working your way up to a panic attack).  I like that the messages span the entire screen, and I especially like that you can toggle it off if it becomes too much to deal with.   All in all, don't buy this unless you're willing to take it as it is: a walking simulator with nice maps and the chance to visit Mars.  Here are the current maps as of this review:Large Maps:~Mars~Deep Ocean~Forest Day~The MoonMedium Maps:~Forest Night~Desert~Arctic~Forest WinterSmall Maps:~BackyardChallenge Maps:~Maze
The original game that started it all in 1995. Great for those times in which you're bored and wanna have fun. You're a bit short of time? Try the 7-question game. You wanna do your homework later? Do as much 21-question games as you can. Have fun!
t's a pity it's so short, but it was a refreshing break from the other HoGs I play. The few puzzles were pretty simple so no need to skip anything. I really enjoyed the music. If the game happens to be in a bundle or on sale, I suggest you give it a go at least once.
its a lot of fun
achievement nice ^^
I just finished watching this doc and my feelings are mixed. It feels very western-oriented: many western developers living in Japan are shown, there's a big segment about Bit.Summit, other big segments about various meetups organized by westerners, and well can you do a documentary about the Japanese indie scene without mentioning the Comiket even once? Apparently you can! lol.Well maybe it was mentioned in the first half of the movie and I don't remember it because I saw it in two parts (gotta sleep sometimes), but what I strongly feel is that what we see in this documentary is the "whitewashed" version of Japanese indies, and at some point there's even an explanation about how indie developers are different from doujin developers. It boils down to "indie developers want to make money with it, doujin devs don't".All in all it's not a terrible way to spend about 80 minutes, and it's always refreshing to see Japanese people with all their naivete and their eyes full of hopes, as opposed to the western indie scene with all its drama.But if I had to take an insight from this documentary is that the West wants to impose its view of indie gaming to Japan, and this movie is kind of the propaganda of that idea.Still I'm gonna recommend it since there are virtually no other such productions around so, still better than nothing I guess! Oh and about "still better than nothing" the movie eminently features Keiji Inafune, as it's set in 2014 and 2015, before the Mighty No. 9 crash'n'burn, a bit funny to see in hindsight.EDIT:Also if this documentary can be viewed as a peek on Japan by a westerner, I think that for a Japanese person it can really be a thing like "hey kid, forget doujin! did you know that indie games from the West are cool and that now they're coming to Japan too? why don't you make them too! don't think about the money, think about your dreams, and while you're at it publish your stuff abroad and on Steam, because that's where the real money is!" ok maybe not like it but I feel it can be highly "inspirational" for Japanese devs, a bit like Indie Game: The Movie was inspirational for western ones.But my guess is that Indie Game: The Movie produced many unemployed starving gaming developers, and I hope this movie doesn't do the same back there in Japan.
Fun game with potential! Now I don't really do reviews but there are a few things that could maybe help with the optimization of the game.First off would be the camera- It seems to want to lock right behind the character sometimes and it blocks your vision of the enemySecond, the combat responsiveness could be tweaked a little, sometimes when I try to do power attacks my character's animation will just reset without following through Third- Map Design- Given that the player can jump decently high, it would be nice to see maps that could accommodate some verticality like climbing, or higher ceilingsI am excited to see where this games ends up, because I wanted a bloody physics fighter for a long time! (ps more gore please!)  and I look forward to seeing new characters and levels.
Possibly the most odd and enjoyable game experience I've had. Just messing around with the physics for ages was enough to make me love this game, let-alone the absurd experiences this game forces you to go through. It was worth every cent.
Such a sweet little game. Unbearably short, but still pleasant.
+ faithful to the bg+ online multiplayers+ attractive pricing (@US$8)- not digital version's fault, however, as an euro game, players rely on dice roll to get jewerly (@black market)? bad design.+ on the other hand, i love tea house (the more risk you take, the more reward you get)+ the assistants is an interesting game mechanism. players have to think about how to retrieve them, or need an extra turn to recall them all.
Quick and concise review: a relaxing jigsaw game with a twist. the backgrounds are actually animated so it adds an extra layer of depth and challenge. Getting the 350 pieces jigsaws done is not an easy task.The ability to separated edge of inner pieces in two piles is very welcomed, as is the "magnetizing" or snap if you manage to place a piece in the correct spot. It all helps conveying a sense of relaxation while still giving you the challenge of assembling several hundred-pieces puzzles.The game also saves your progress so you can leave to take a rest and come back later to continue. That's a very good feature that I recall few other puzzlers didn't have, forcing you to do them in one sitting. Not so much here, as such it's a perfect game to switch to in between work!On the technical side of course the game runs quite fine on moderate spec PCs (tried it in a laptop with an integrated Intel HD card and results weren't as good however) so no issues there. It's mouse operated but with Steam controller config you can certainly setup a controller to play as well, but I don't recommend it on the smaller pieces puzzles. You need the up close and personal approach.All in all quite recommended and I'm definitely considering taking a look at the rest of the developer offerings in this field, they are great distractions in busy days and have achievements to track your progress too, as well as trading cards. Considering how many hours I clocked without realizing, I would say buy it even at full price. At sale price it's a no brainer!
Love it. I played this game because I played Crimson Gray and I thought it was a pretty good sequel. 
I love combat racing games and this one is a fun and cool combat racing game with original design, nice graphics, good gameplay and music. It gets even better - more frantic and reckless - once you unlock faster cars and higher weapons!Over the last couple of years, it seems that this genre of games, with a few exceptions, almost completely migrated on mobile. I honestly don't care if it was originally a mobile game, mainly because it's a good ps port, but also the shortage of such games on PC is rampant. I'll say this - after having played this and Cyberline racing (both solid games on PC) - Start making good PC ports of mobile combat racing games and bring them on steam, we need them! :DThe only gripe I had with the game was, that I couldn't fire both weapons and steer at the same time, a keyboard ghosting problem, but after posting my issue on the discussion forums the developer told me not to use ctrl and alt keys for left and right weapons, and that is exactly what I had set. So I changed them back to left weapon z or y key (y in my case because I have an QWERTZ keyboard) and right weapon x. This fixed the problem completely.Update: after finishing the game my thoughts are, well, it gets boring when it starts to feel repetitive and almost like a chore. But after all it was made by one man, so props to that.
Refreshing and fun experience.Good art, a clever story line and fun game play.Racked up 20 hours of play time over 2 days &gt;.&lt;Recommend to anyone looking for an RTS type game with a unique spin.
Czech review down below/Česká recenze nížeWell, I certainly wasn't paying much attention when I bought this, as I didn't expect a point-and-click adventure. In VR. But hey, surprisingly it worked. And let me outright say that in general I don't like point-and-click games. Now of course, the theme of nordic mythology and the vr technology that is awesome on it's own helped, but the result is what matters. And the result is that I enjoyed playing this game.The graphics are drawn well and surprisingly 2D objects and environment do work in virtual reality. Maybe good looking 2D works better than cheap 3D that we can see in some other VR games. The achievements aren't free, but also aren't unreasonably hard, so Wrath of Loki is a nice way to get another 100% completed game.The game even adds some inovation to the point-and-click on top of the vr implementation - leaderboards. And as the biggest drawback of this game is the short lengh, this adds the much needed replay value. Another drawback is the price - personally I don't think this is worth 3€ and it would probably sell better with a lower price. But if you see this with a  50% or more discount, get it.Also, it has a cool item for Steam VR Home, so if you see this review having multiple hours played, that would probably be just me trying to get it to drop. 6/10._____________________________Welp, řeknemě, že jsem se pořádně nepodíval co kupuju a jaksi jsem nečekal point-and-click adventure. Ve VR. Ale hej, ono to překvapivě fungovalo. A to rovnou na začátek řekněme, že point-and-click and click hry nemám. Samozřejmě pomohlo téma norské mytologie i samotná VR technologie která je sama o sobě užasná, ale hlavní je výsledek, a výsledek byl, že hra byla fajn. Nakreslené je to hezky a překvapivě 2D objekty a prostředí namixované do virtuální reality fungují. A možná hezky vypadající 2D funguje lépe než by fungovalo špatné 3D, jaké můžeme vidět u některých jiných VR her. Achievementy nejsou zadarmo, ale zase nejsou nepřiměřeně těžké, takže Wrath of Loki je taky fajn způsob jak nabrat další 100% splněnou hru.Hra dokonce přidává i nějakou tu inovaci do point-and-click i nad rámec zvirtualitorealizování toho žánru - žebříček hráčů. A to je podle mě velmi dobrý nápad, protože největším záporem téhle hry je její krátké trvání a tohle přidává hodnotu hraní hry znovu. Druhým záporem je cena, podle mě to hodnotu 3 euro opravu nemá a za menší cenu by se to pravděpodobně prodávalo lépe. Pokud to ale uvidíte s 50% nebo větší slevou tak to berte. Jo, a taky to má cool Steam VR Home sběratelskou položku, takže až tu uvidíte nahráno pár hodin, tak to se snažím až mi to padne. 6/10.
322 Game.
Good and funny. Would say don't get it unless you're gonna be playing Lair of the Clockwork God, and also probably don't read it/play it until you get to a certain point in LotCG - you'll know when.
The Parenting Simulator starts you off on the day your baby is born, and ends when they graduate high school. I would love for it to go even farther since, as they say, you never stop being a parent. Right now, this is covered in an epilogue text. Something else I would like to see is the option to adopt. I imagine you would be able to choose between four or so children with names and ages displayed. Their background would be randomly determined. It's a very pleasant text adventure, and I'm looking forward to updates.
Very Simple. Very difficult. Very fun. Highly recommend.
Spent about 6 hours on the game to fully complete it and gather all of the achievements. It's a very relaxing game to play in your spare time. Childish, but relaxing. If you played the game when you were younger, then it will bring back memories from that time. Yes, you can play the game for free on the internet, but if you pay for the game on Steam? Ohh, let me tell you! You get so many more levels to play. I'd say it is worth buying the game if you remember playing it as a kid and want the memories back.+ If you are an achievement hunter, it'll be easy to get them achievements. ;) Childish, but quite relaxing.8 out of 10 Snail Bobs.
When you open a visual novel for the first time, reach the main menu, and the background music already catches your attention, you know you're in for a really good game. My Fair Princess (MFP) is a bit of an old game (pretty obviously when you look at the character designs), but definitely refreshing as it breaks the modern beta of eroge. While most visual novels revolve a protagonist who comes from an established family, MFP created a story that revolves around a protagonist who's the complete opposite: comes from a poor family, has to struggle between working part time jobs to support family while maintaining his position as the honor student in order to keep his scholarship, and now he has to make sure the annual school play is a success. Most eroge main characters are spoon/breast fed, allowing them to think "meh, I'm just your average joe with nothing better to do in life" before they meet their special someone and then change themselves for the better. MFP on the other hand, has Satoshi Kanamori, a guy who understands his family's financial situation, works his ass off for his academic future and for the happiness of his family, always putting their happiness above his own. In other words, this guys truly understands the hustle and the importance of working hard to support yourself and your loved ones. Another unique and amazing element of this game is the fact that throughout the game, from beginning of the common route till you reach the ending of each route, there are various slice of life messages thrown at you. One of, if not, the most important theme of this game is to always be happy for what you have in life; be grateful for the people and things currently in your life, rather than crying and chasing for whatever you feel is missing. Appreciate what you already have because you never know when it might all slip from under you. This game does a great job expressing other important themes, such as the importance of communication, the importance of trust and relying on each other, etc.Overall, My Fair Princess is now one of my all time favourites, alongside Grisaia, Devil on G-String, and the Noraneko Heart series. The story was so well done that the 18+ content actually felt out of place. For the first time ever, I felt like I shouldn't have downloaded the patch into the game. Every time a, uhh...*scene* began, I held down the skip button, as I wanted to focus on the main plot. The soundtracks were beautiful, the artwork was well done, the voice acting the top notch, the slice of life themes were well implemented. My Fair Princess is definitely a game I'd recommend to my fellow Men of Culture. As for why it took 121 hours to finish the game....I'd leave the game open and running while playing League of Legends at the same time.
Final Dusk is a unique combination of puzzle and action type game the earlier versions started from Android and iOS with interesting and funny storyline towards pc. The goal of the game is to help Mina the Vampire princess all the way to an evil witch’s tower. This game was developed by Light Echo and looks like this is their first game. I have done a little research about them and from so little information I can get.Mina the Vampire princess needs your help! Evil witch turned all her brethren to stone. Your goal is to protect and assist the young princess in her quest to reverse the spell. Travel through the kingdom of Vempire and conquer your foes on your way to evil witch’s tower. Test your wits and dexterity overcoming various environmental obstacles. Love the story line.
This is very innovative, and quite fun to boot.
Outstanding purchase for a 99 cents. Great gameplay, good humor. My only issue with it right now is the grouping, it seems to be a bit of a hassle to navigate without leaving a few behind. It could also just be me not playing right. Either way, good job developers, this game is a load of fun. 8/10 for me. I really reccomend it. Come on, it's a buck.
9.3/10 - Exciting New Visual Novel/Card Combat Hybrid!I just completed the first episode in a little over an hour. This one was free but the remaining 4 episodes are $5 each; which I am seriously considering since I really dig this game! You are Elisabeth a girl who must leave the farm and embark on an epic and perilous journey to find her brothers.This visual novel blends perfectly with card/turn based combat and RPG elements; I’ve never been into card based games but this may have changed my mind. The graphics and story are both well done and I can't seem to get enough of this game! I wish the first episode was longer! I love the use of the map; it's interactive and serves as your hub for travel, quests and character items and gear.Worth $5; this first episode is free. I'm hoping the remaining 4 prove as fruitful! Update soon(EDIT): Just completed the Fifth episode and I was equally if not more impressed. The length was about 2 hours which I was pleased with for about $4! This game still has me hooked; if you enjoyed the first grab this on sale! Total length of all 5 episodes was 9 hours and some change Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly! Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed
Fun, casual timewaster
The game is relatively short, but there are multiple endings. It's pretty fun but it isn't something I'd call a VERY memorable experience.Edit: People are complaining about the content of this game. You read the description and you know what you're getting into. Why complain?
Game is great as a arcade fishing not a good simulation 
pog game but bad servers
My Name is Andy and i Crush Candy with Mandy
PUBG on acid? This is a Battle royal game which feels like you are playing whilst high as a kite.Kill your enemy with urine, poo or nukes. What else could you want?I think it's expensive at £5, more like a £2 game but a good laugh none the less.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qCgG3vUNwBo&amp;t=14s
Do you see this play time??? And I still haven't 100 percented this thing. There is so much content here, and you get it all with one purchase! No DLC! Nothin'! Concerned Ape, do you have some aversion to money!?All joking aside, this is a fantastic game. Hundreds of hours of content in this little pixel art game about farming and bringing a dying town back to life. The most recent update just added a bunch of new late game content (which was the only gripe I had with this game up until this point) You can play this for years and not run out of stuff to do (and I have)10/10 (11/10 with mods)
Negatives:Very limited amount of content (an hours worth of play or so) – Game needs to be on discount to justify the cost;Game is crippled without the uncensor patch, which is only available via a mega.nz link found via the developer's non-english Twitter account, bit of a pain to find it;The content is extreme, which might turn off people who dislike non-consensual elements of Hentai;The translation is Engrish - good enough to follow what's going on, but bad enough to break immersion.Positives:The gameplay (animated spot-the-difference) is innovative;The graphics are outstanding and the animation really good;The game delivers the hardcore;There's lots of potential for expansion.
Some spoilers to follow.There may be an epilogue released in the future, but for now I’m finished with the 9-nine series and I have very mixed feelings.This episode follows the normal formula we’ve seen in the other parts but also adds some spice and surprises. Noa has an enjoyable romance route and while there is no canon route since ALL the routes happen in different timeline branches, hers feels like the true route in terms of the interactions and the gravity of what’s at stake. There’s once again the issue of drawn out slice of life scenes in places where you’re dying to know what’s going on in the larger plot but almost everything is pretty solid. This episode adds a flowchart where you can revisit scenes from the earlier games, make changes and branch out the timeline, etc.  It looks awesome on screen, but unfortunately it’s mostly scripted with little in the way of actual decisions or changes to make. Once again, I feel like it needed to be one game instead of four so things could have been entwined more seamlessly. But that said, the climax of the story is very intense and enjoyable, while it lasts, bringing all four of the stories together. They did a good job of making a villain that may not make much sense in terms of motivation, but who is truly detestable and infuriating. Overall I just didn’t feel it 100% with this series. I’d still give it a lukewarm recommendation but suggest either waiting for a bundle deal or only buying the first part to see if the storytelling style works for you. 
Pretty good game. Not much to it really, but lots of fun for a couple hours alone and longer with friends competing with each other. Good to see that it does get updates with new modes and features. Only took me an hour or so to be #1 on the Steam leaderboard for all three current modes. ;)
Classical point and click, nothing special about puzzles. Story is quite okay, buy it for like 1$ and its worth that much. Still good as relaxed way to spend evening if you are tired or take break from AAA games.
Very unique game,! Fun to play and far more to it than what first appears.
One of the best dancing games i played in a while.If the multiplayer was wan and not lan it could be better but still worth a try if you like dancing games
better than half life alyx
Load up, see Stalin giving me a heart. I love you too Stalin. First level as Mishka the Bear, I beat up some Nazis and Drink Vodka to recover health. Decide to play USSR music to enhance my experience, I transcend. I am no longer playing as Mishka, I AM Mishka and I must escape the Gulag to rejoin my brothers in the Soviet Union.11/10 would fight for the Glory of the Motherland again.
Always The Same Blue Sky is a very charming visual novel. My only real complaint is that its pretty short, only about 30 minutes, but when you consider the price, thats fine. And it may just be me but I actually preferred the "Bad" ending over the "Good" ending
Scar of the Doll isn't perfect by any means. The lack of multiple endings makes the game feel overly linear - the only other endings in the game are when your wrong choices lead to your untimely death (and this will probably happen frequently, since sometimes it's not clear why what you did would cause your death - though the "game over" screen always tells you what you did wrong, which remedies this a bit). The short length of the game doesn't allow you to get as attached to the characters as you could, and many of the characters end up a bit wanting in depth. It's strange, and a bit confusing, and occasionally feels the tiniest bit rushed.But you should play it anyway.What starts out seeming like a mediocre horror game ends up being something much more interesting, and the ending turned out to be quite different than I expected. The storyline is full of twists and turns, and kept me frightened, curious, and engaged the whole way through. Some reviews complain that the art looks dated, but I rather liked it - it's particularly interesting to see art from a visual novel that imitates real people instead of using anime-style art. And while the game’s rather short – it only took me about three hours to complete, maybe less – the low price tag of $4 makes it well worth checking out. Honestly, since it was so linear, I think the VN would have worked better as a movie – but regardless of how the story is experienced, I suggest you experience it.(Oh, and one last thing that was a small personal bother -  what happened to Himeno after the events of the game? After it's revealed that he's Aso's son and sufficiently distracts him so Asumi can escape into the lab, all we know is that he's apparently alive and okay. Considering he was one of the only characters who didn't die and showed Asumi kindness, I'd have liked to know if they ever saw each other again - I would have much preferred an epilogue with information about Himeno's past and current whereabouts than the largely superfluous epilogue with Shiina. )
+Cute story+Cute music+Cute characters (Familiar tropes, but very well done)+Cute illustration-Lack of military discipline and what you could/would get away with is... eye rolling if you have a basic understanding of what morale and discension is lol.-Yoi : This character infuriated me, and it only got worse and worse and worse and worse and everyone in the story considers her a friend no matter what... no matter what... no matter WHAT! The morality behind it is so questionable is actually disturbs me eveytime I think of the choices the writer made, creating this story, and the lessons we're to learn from it..  Wish there was options to actually make Faye pull away from this character...-A bit spendyThats it really, a great game so far, bit pricey.
Perfect. Captivating atmosphere. Simple and fun. Only wish it was longer.
UPDATED REVIEW.With joysticks now supported I can give this a thumbs up.Its a fun little flight game. Not really a simulator. Plane Physics are no the best bur doing the missions are fun. The ground textures could use some work though. Id rather have a basic flat texture than pixelated satillite views.ORIGINAL REVIEWWhy no joystick Support?!?!   I really wanted to like this simplistic Flight Simulator. I play super sims like DCS FSX and ROF  this game would have been awesome to play on my laptop but i cant use my joystick!  I know its a mobile port but come on!  I wish i liked playing sims on mobile but i really dont.. its no fun without a joystick.. PLEASE fix this! This would be a great little sim.
Nice ! +1 for the game concept (good way to learn registers principle)There're some bugs as mention by other reviewers mainly with the interface&amp;sound, but still a good game.
So, I'm normally quite biased against "fighting" style games in general when it comes to my gaming. They're normally just not for me. That said, I really like this one. It's adorable, it's fun, it's not stressful, and it's pretty much 100% family friendly! Those traits are what earned a good score from me. The puzzle aspect is also great. Honestly, I recommend it. Even if you don't like rpg or fighting games or so on normally, give it a try. I enjoy it, and you might, too!~
Cute game, great community, chill music, nice maildeerBest of all, runs on Linux out of the box ;)Most of my requests were things that I've never discussed with anyone, not even my best friends haha.It's pretty weird. Hope everyone gets better
Gun-fun, slow reload cannot shoot all bullets with the shotgun pls fixi bought the game for my small childit crashes on death, never crashed for me
Best game for thinking and killing  the time.
Great game. I've got it in order to pass french code de la route. And you know what?Cela m'a vraiment aidé pour un examen, j'ai obtenu un résultat favorable. En outre, je sais mieux parler français, et j'ai enrichi mon vocabulaire.
More content, balance changes, slightly tighter timer, more modes, the importance of making perfect quads.   This is an improvement over the first Chime which was very fun and relaxing to play.
Please remove the timer! I am from Russia, I do not know any other language perfectly, but I really want to play this game, I translate all the questions through an interpreter, but because of the timer I have to make a screen screen and pause the game.Also add the ability to play in one language with a different artwork (so you can play in English with French artwork, etc.)And ask the audience in the middle of the game suggests, in most cases, offers the wrong answers.And please remove or add local questions to a separate mode (questions about US history, British history instead of world history in the History category, etc.)And so, thanks for the game!
A large world.  Grind your way to the end credits.  As opposed to getting chest pains from the intensity or stuck and/or discouraged in the middle.   Cheap too.  Which is important when the danger exists of spending $60 and getting stuck, overwhelmed or just not liking it.
Pretty neat :) cute game with easy logic and a nice story.
This game is great I really enjoued it it was super fun throughing the presants everywhere yea,.
Gooblins is a leaderboard driven wave based arcade game for the whole family. The UI is well done, the effects look great, and the game mechanics are original. The Gooblins, which look like some sort of alien species out of a kids movie, slowly close in while reacting to shots in their own distinct ways. Some of them dodge, some shoot back, and a few go kamikaze at high speeds. The sound effects warn when shots are coming, and the combo meter on the gun offers a fun way to earn more points. For a quick and fun arcade game that can be played with almost anyone, this is a great deal.
Pros:+ This game became my favorite entity in my whole life so far, I didn't know it was possible for a human mind to experience such joy;+ I believe the game wasn't written by a man of science, or for that matter sentient being, but instead appeared in our dimension through some unbeknownst cosmological event;Cons:- Sometimes inconsistent camera controls.
it gave me cancer, aids and psychological pain. 5 stars
Paws and Effect is a short but fun little VN.  The story is cute, humorous, and has a nice casual feel.  It can be played through in a single sitting, but the player's choices affect the story so it takes multiple playthroughs to reach every scene.VNs in this price range are usually lower quality, but Paws and Effect is surprisingly well polished.  The UI, animations, and transitions are all very fluid and clean.  There is an overall feeling of completeness and attention to detail that is not common in shorter or cheaper titles.While playing, I encountered occasional crashes that reset any unsaved progress.  The developer has acknowledged the bug and is working on a fix, but a crash is still very annoying and immersion-breaking.  Fortunately, the game keeps track of completed chapters so I was always able to restart from the previous one even if I hadn't saved.  When starting from a specific chapter, you are able to re-enter your previous choices and decisions so that the story is not affected.  You can also save at any point, and I recommend saving often until the crashes are patched.Overall, I enjoyed playing Paws and Effect.  I typically play VNs when I want something relaxing and fun, and this one filled that role very well.
Cute game for what it is. I played it on stream and we had fun finding the items together. One or two items were named slightly odd for what they actually were but it wasn't a huge deal. It's pure hidden object, not much story. The art is nice. The only slight downside is some of the music loops really obviously which can be a little annoying if you're spending a while on a stage.
I've always enjoyed the twist Blue Tea adds to the classic tales. It's a great way to enjoy the stories you know from old times in a new way, while still passing the time. The art is beautiful and the music is a great company, making it an enjoyable game to pass the time.
Picked this up in the current Anniversay Sale and I'm finding it incredibly addictive. I've already played over 3 1/2 hours in two sessions on it. I'm currently playing it seated with an Xbox 360 gamepad, but there is a separate Hand mode for people who want to use Vive controllers though I haven't tried it myself yet to see how it plays.If you like puzzle type games and enjoy tricky skill challenges then I can highly recommend this game. For me it has that 'just one more go' element that many games are missing these days. It's even fun just watching the destruction that happens when you fail and the stack explodes!
Really fun coop-game to play with friends.Some parts are a little hard and that's exciting but you can beat it if you try again. You can play too single to advance in the campaign and know the history. The game is focused both in coop-mode like in single-mode. We are playing 2 hours and looks like it's more game to play.
Three hundred levels for less than $4 is a bargain, and the hand drawn visuals are quite stunning.  However, running the trains at high speed to get more points and stars can be incredibly challenging in the time given.  With that said, this game is very fun, and I have nothing negative to write about it.  The game is simple, challenging, and addictive.  Highly recommended...
I bought this game just recently, after Patch 004 release, with a discount on Halloween sale. And I'm not disappointed at all! These levels are very cool! It really gives me immersion. I'm happy with physics. It feels great. I can't say that it's 100% like in the real world, but all 80% for sure. I can't call myself a good bowling player in real life and it's hard for me to launch the ball along the curve. But in this game, it's much easier for me! It really makes me fun!One thing I would like to request is to add AI or multiplayer, so you could play with somebody to have more fun!
If you're looking for a game that combines the best elements of Mario, Sonic, Little Big Planet, Far Cry Primal, and Horizan Zero Dawn, you've come to the right place. The best graphics I've seen in years, physics that God would be jealous of, and a soundtrack that would make Beethoven wish he wasn't deaf, if you're not playing it, you should really get on that. My final verdict is 7.8 out of 10, too much water.
GOTY 2013. If this godly gem of a game is on sale, buy it immediatley. Nancy Drew 4 Lyfe!
I just finished Esperia's route and even after 80 hours of gameplay I still want to jump back in.  It's definitely not for everyone.  I appreciate the visual novel and turn-based strategy genres, and this one is a very happy medium.  I'm a bit surprised that more choices weren't available on the visual novel side, but it made the choices I did have more meaningful.  + All of the main character's love interests have their own different sort of charm.  Liked them all.+ I found the story to be engrossing, for the most part.  Some of Yuuto's dialog, internal and external, was a bit childish... but hey, so was mine as a teen.  Translation seemed to be great.  A few spelling errors on occasion, but I forgive.+ RNG doesn't exist.  The combat can be tough, but I never had that feeling of "I screwed up everything and have to reload from last chapter."  If I was getting beat it was because I ignored the game mechanics or overlooked something important.   Something like "Whoops, that skill was out of uses!".+ Even though the game has to be played on a low resolution, the art and sprites were beautiful to me, if reused frequently.+ Plenty of mysteries remain even after the first playthrough.  It is  easy to get your money's worth from this game if it's your style.+ Back and Skip functions helped a lot.  Especially the "L" key with battles.- Moving units around became tedious at the end.  Too many nodes in the final area made navigation a chore.  - There is no technical support.  The game doesn't like newer PCs.  I had to figure out how to enlarge the window on my own.  Any attempt to Alt+Enter or change the game to "Fullscreen" in the options caused a crash for me.  Having Steam resize the window upon launch didn't do anything, either.** At first, I used the tried-and-true Windows Magnifier (Win and Plus key).  Works decently.  Eventually I fooled with it a bit more.  Right-clicking on the icon in the taskbar, going to Properties, then locating an option to run the game in 640x480 res.  Smooth sailing after that; never had any other crashes.- Not too many musical tracks, and they get repetitive quickly.- I suppose this is part of the difficulty, but it could be hard to predict what worked and what failed.  For instance, gold-lettered skills were more powerful than their face value indicated, but coming up with how much more powerful was often a guessing game for me.  Not to mention the Ice Banish skills.  Seemed like they arbitrarily determined that "Level X Ice Banish" works on "Level Y Support Skill" and didn't tell the player.  I read somewhere that "equal level Ice Banish works on equal level support skill" but if that's actually true, then I wish it was a bit more specific. The "level" of the skill can mean any number of things.  Several numbers assigned to the skill in the status screen could be construed as its level.  Ice Banish 5 doesn't block Ether Sink 5; this I found out the hard way.  For me there ended up being a lot of finding things out the hard way.It's an older title, but definitely worth it if visual novels and a bit of turn-based combat are up your alley.  I played without adult scenes and I didn't feel like I missed out on anything.  I'm really happy to have found this series on Steam and I'll get around to playing #2 pretty soon.Update:  I'm playing through Aselia's route, and I'm pleasantly surprised at how much content differs from one route to another.  This game really has a huge amount of content if someone played through all of the routes.  Also, I *think* I have a better handle of Ice Banish.  Compare Ice Banish "Target Level" stat with the actual level of the skill being used that I'm trying to block.  IceB t-lv &gt;= SupSkl Lv = successful block.
The MD is really fun to play with friends. To show them who is who...Gameplay is very intense yet you'll relax playing it.In game you have to choose between various tank models from heavy with tons of hp to very fast light tanks which rush through the battlefield.The choice depends on your strategy and playstyle.Also there's good soundtrack.
Best prop hunt game ever!
Very short game -- I did about a dozen playthroughs despite only racking up 1.5 hours of gametime (it helps that you can fastforward through conversations you've seen before).But I absolutely loved it.  I actually really liked the characters and the writing.  And it's a rollercoaster of emotions packed into that 1.5 hours -- I sincerely felt happy, sad, and even panicked in various playthroughs.  Great game for the price.
I gave a rats ass.
Very fun game, especially play with friends. This game is similar to Mario Party, but it's a game that's easy to control and have more fun minigame.Come join and play with me!! :)
Panzer warfare is a study in contrasts.Only downside is that it wouldn't load my data in MS Excel format, which is not convenient for me as I needed to process them
Honestly found this game when it was a lot less complicated and have been loving the new themeing and difficulty increase as the life of the game goes on. I was worried that flower builds would be completely dominating but as new updates came new and more inventive ways to pay rent came about. Looking forward to see this game getting the popularity it deserves ! ( I never right reviews but this game has surprised me)
Took nearly an hour to complete. Was a fun little distraction and is probably worth the sale price for an hour's enjoyment. Would have completed it even quicker but I needed the toilet halfway through!
Very interesting game, hard to come offYou need to play only in one breath and nothing else. In general, it's cool. I definitely recommend 9/10
It was great, a good throw back to the good ol days of the puzzle games!
I think the game would've been better with more family interaction to make it seem like a real connection. The only thing you can do is collect wood and food. I think you should be able to do some activities with your kids or wife (hunting, making stuff for them, etc.). If these were in the game, the game would be a lot more enjoyable for me.
I'm more of a wannabe developer than a hardcore SHMUP player, but Who's That Flying had me striving to get better.  The theme fits the mechanics well.  An invincible avatar fends off invaders before they can pass into the populace.  It's less about dodging bullets than shooting or bashing through targets.  While the special move limitations are explained away with a character flaw, it works.Options are limited.  There is no windowed mode.  Keys can't be adjusted within the game.  Xbox 360 controllers are supported, but the B button's cancel operation is essentially the Esc button.  This hurts during play because it's easy to unintentionally pause or even erase progress in the current level.
FUN! It's fun. A quick easy to understand casual game, which comes in it's own when challenging others, either via High Scores or people in the room with you. The price point makes it good value, I'm definitely going to replay it more than games I spent 3 times as much on.  Because the game is built around replay value.The developer seems to still be adding things and updates.  I'd love for an option to change the blood colour to make it very family friendly, also a local co-op mode where the suspects have letters from the keyboard tagged to them would allow people to should out which and also have more than one player play. Also local VS where you play 3 rounds and then switch, trying to beat each other score would make it more into a party game.  But it's fun, and I'm glad I bought it.
i've got a feeling this game will pop off. I'm glad to be one of the lucky ones who got it for pennies.
An enjoyable educational puzzle game. Has the right balance of difficulty with the puzzles being challenging enough to be engaging without ever reaching the point of being frustrating. The pacing is perfect with the slow ramp up of complexity, familiarising you with common operators before requiring you to combine them at later stages.While it's obviously for people who like messing about with numbers (I had a Google Sheet open to speed up a lot of the iterative calculations) it doesn't require a huge amount of mathematical knowledge to complete. Probably the only thing I encountered that would be hard to work out from first principles was recognising a binomial distribution (some basic knowledge of logarithms will help with the later puzzles as well).A good puzzle game at a bargain price.
Fun game.  The different options and choices that occur throughout the game keep things interesting.  It is fun figuring out what is required to bring about the end time in the game.  Definitely recommend checking it out.
A very smart and funny way to exposure, specially for kids, with the math! The gameplay is very good and the graphics is a plus.The developer is creating more types and modules in order to have more experience in the game, with will increase even more the possibilities of gameplay. It worth it a lot!
Simple idea well executed. Very addictive casual puzzle.
I've seen the future of Visual Novels and it's called SoulSet.NoBread Studio showed me what you can do when you combine talent and passion to create something magic.Everything, from the well crafted plot to a cast full of complex, interesting characters, makes you want to keep playing.Do yourself a favor and play SoulSet without a guide. Don't let anyone spoils you the fun of unearthing the secrets of Mariko and her friends.
Needs better English translations. After 50 hours I still have no idea what some skills do. Needs better spelling (Dodge is doge etc).Other than that it's a good Idle game. The progression system is cool and even addicting. Lots of potential if devs keep it up.
Absolutely charming. Includes some original Lewis Carroll art. Nice mix of hidden objects, mini games and puzzles.[just started playing = playtime does not represent the length of the game]
It's simple, yet sophisticated.  It's challenging, yet comforting.  It's frustrating, yet fun. Get it.
A fun short shooter &amp; Tower defense game worth 90% off not the full priceIt is neither too hard nor too easyDefintely the right kinda of difficulty to keep you engagedThere are some cool upgrades which remind me of star warsachievements are pretty straight forwardOverall, worth 90% off
Cute, engaging, well-balanced.
Really love this game!Was a bit hard at the start, but soon got into the swing of things. Once I started winning and making money I couldn't stop playing.Simple but addictive management game. Recommended A+
i made a creature that is in endless pain
It's fun but there isn't a lot to do, you just shoot others and die, that's all.
Yep itsh uhlott of fun.
i deny having this game
Моя коллекция кликеров пополнилась игрой ClickMonsterОтличная музыка, смешной перевод на русскийИграл во время отключения интернета, не заметил как пролетели 3 часаOSTED: 27 JUNEОчень приятный кликер, в котором залипнешь надолго и плюсом прокачаешь свои пальцы! Музяка качает, тупо на релаксации можно вечерком поиграть и расслабиться
If you haven't already played this on a PS3 (say, by not having one), this is a fun twin-stick action puzzler, with cute visuals and good audio production.Supports PS3 controller on OS X flawlessly.
I had some good fun with this game lately. Excellent little game for the price.Thing I liked:-RTS Soccer (football) is a really cool idea-Helpful tutorial-Ability to play on several platforms and cross platform-Looks like the dev is going to be updating again soon too-Easy price to justify (especially on a sale)Things that could use improvement:-Could use some more 'flash' or 'juice' to transitions and animations between events
A work of art. If we ever get the technology to erase certain memories, please let me erase my play-through of this game so that I can experience its beauty again for the first time. This and Portal. Don't know what to compare it to for those who don't know it. It's more of a puzzle game presented in the form of a platformer. Like the best puzzle games, you'll kick yourself swearing the puzzle is impossible and then 3 days later you'll be walking downtown and the solution will smack you in the face. yes. its really very good.
Fun game.  The challenge level is a bit on the low side, but it is certainly enjoyable. Definitely recommend as an entry-level game for people who are just starting to play rpgs or for people who want a game that they can figure out without having to use a walkthru.  Story is your basic collect the crystals and save the world fare.  Most of the dialog is geared toward humor.  The music is excellent.  Game time is around 10 to 20 hours, depending upon how completionist you are.  There are some interesting optional sidequests.  Most of the secrets and Easter eggs are pretty easy to find if you do some exploring and search everywhere.  The random encounters come pretty frequently, but the success rate is pretty high when you run away.  Running away carries no penalty is lost gold (“hold” in this game) or xp.  So you can just keep running away when you’re in a hurry to get from point A to point B.Solid game. Fantastic value for its price.
so easy .. i want more levels and dificulty
On sale for pretty cheap so I thought I'd give a chance. No regrets so far. Something I'm surprised no one has mentioned yet is the Music! I'm not sure where these tracks came from, but many of them (the castle music and the first town in particular) are fantastic. Happy that the creators took the time to procure (or hire/make? I have no idea since there are no title credits) great tracks, a total must have for an RPG and in this case, it definitely ticks off that box. Looking forward to the rest!
I am in love with Story ModeI can't believe this game has this much content (And I'm just playing with just Reign of Giants)
Beautiful game, beautiful music and beautiful story. Totally worth the time!
Vex is a very enjoyable game and I'm glad I bought it. It has a simple concept yet it is effective! I like the game's style and layout. It is not a game that you want to give up on after the first few levels, it pushes you to play on. Whilst playing I had to think tactically which other games similar to this don't really do. They basically hold your hand guiding you through it whereas this game you have think on your feet. I did run into a few bugs playing but they were nothing major and would be easy to fix. This game is not perfect but for a developer’s first try at making a game I think they did a really good job!I highly recommend this game for people who want a challenge!
DOOKIE YES I HAVE MANY DOOKIE HOURS MANY HOURS OF DOOKIE I AM NOW THE DOOKIE MAN I HAVE THE BIG FART I AM NOW DOOKIE FART
This is a truly beautiful game. At first, I was angered by how long I was sitting on the loading screen for, but then I realized that there is actually no game, just a loading screen. Which makes sense, considering the game's size.Amazing loading screen, 10/10
A good game to start on your adventure of "throwing money to Gaben"!
Brain-pleasing, highly addictive puzzle game with an earworm of a theme tune. Would 100% recommend to all of the word lovers out there. One minor complaint: when I beat Level 500, the menu stopped working. I consider that a crash. Tried it again and got the same result. Not much of a congratulatory message! :-)
Fun game to start up casually once every few weeks. It makes me feel smart.
This had me hooked. It might look cute, but some of the levels are quite challenging. Excellent little puzzle game.
poh-tae-toes
I loved the retro feel here. For 1980s fans you're in for a real treat. I absolutely love the music. Sure it was simple but the classics 'never die. You start off as a banana and you can move around until the music stops then you can be a man and continue You have to play it in one sitting, but that's what games were in the during the late 80s. For a game to make you think, it does quite well. You can't go wrong with $2.00 and they're adding more +bonus. Go pick up yours today! I'd pay for a mp3 of the soundtrack.
This falls a bit short in comparison to Doodle God, Doodle Devil, and Doodle Kingdom. Not sure why - just doesn't end up feeling as fun or challenging as those others. Still worth trying on sale or bundled with the others.
Love this game alot! Hope to see it become a full one. I'm excited to see all the stories it's gonna bring.Concept is cute, Game interface is great. I've always been in love with rhythm games and definitely will play this more as it develops &lt;3
Be aware, this is a very basic sniper game.I must admit that it does the job without any fuss, this at a low price.The countdown timer for missions should be optional though.Gamepad (XBox) compatibility would be great to have someday.You must play in windowed mode, just so that you can close the game with the X in the upper corner.Otherwise you will have to use ctrl alt del to exit the game. This is clearly an aberration in my own opinion.Still a "thumbs up" for me.Running Street Sniper on good old Windows 7.
Liked it. Very creepy. Simple, but there's nothing wrong with that.  It's about the price of a bargain movie theater ticket and you get approximately a budget horror-movie length's worth of tension, so I call it a damn good deal.As for the contents of the game - just play the thing if you're at all interested. It's not like you're committing more than two hours (tops!) of your time to it.
Bought for and played on Linux (atm controller support is bugged but being worked on, make sure you DO NOT have your controller plugged in before or during gameplay. just leave it unplugged :P )This is a VERY simple arcade racer, and a digital recreation of racing toys that pre-date the days of computers. In my opinion the Dev nailed it and then some. Just enough of a challenge/frustration factor to keep me interested and a few surprises along the way; I was not expecting so much for so little.Also I love the sound track =D
Yep, another decent hidden object game from Artifex Mundi. The puzzles in this one require some lateral thinking. ***
10/10 finished, uninstalled, will never touch again.But still the best 20 mins I've spent while high.Would not trade that 20 mins for anything else.
I love this cute little game! I love the music and the game itself is entertaining. It is really short at the moment though!
Only a handful of visual novels have made me cry before: Clannad &amp; Planetarian. Now I must add this game to the list. At the beginning it seems very lighthearted but depending on your choices you can end up with a very serious story. This is what happened to me and at the end I felt kinda heavy at the end. I know for some that may be a bad thing for some but it’s what I look for in a VN, an emotional response. I liked it; I may try to go for one of the different endings in the near future if I have time.
A Nice and addictive game. A simple matching game with superb graphics, though more gameplay options should have been added but its great game for killing some time.
its little buggy, some text still not translate properly to english and have graphic bugbut its fun, building little camp to becoming big town, slay monster, clear a quest, farming item and many more
I Must Be Strange.. Based on the completed game. I'll give it 3 stars leaning for 4. Obviously I should buy all older games with a “neutral or lower rating” I seem to really like them for the most part!  Might be my oddness showing. I’ve found the Adventure Company games to date are my favorite’s however I think I've only played two. :-)  This was a shorter yet fun enough  3rd person point and click game/movie..   There are countless characters that appear is this game. I found it refreshing that numerous  characters were included in scenes too! Not constantly (there was some) jumping from one to another.Starts off In a London Loft and off you go and back and off and back anddd..Main character’s are.Cathryn - (Sounds exactly like Minnie Driver in Goodwill Hunting) &lt; Just saw a re-run of it!MikeBernieJack-The CopRobertThese 5 come and go through out the entire game but you meet many as you move on.If you haven’t played this game; FYI you’ll have a love/hate relationship with them all!It's a presonal choice if their good or bad! I tended to side with Jack most of the game!Really well done graphics in my opinion..  I did like the soundtrack but ran into a few scenes where no adjusting made it so you could hear the voices so had to read subtitles.  Voice Over’s sounded good but no actual mouths moved.. Oddly I enjoyed the in game computer search.. However if you search for anything off topic the game closes and you lose your spot! I did search “Adventure Company” and that worked to well! Why I gave it 3 Star’s:Not much to really do except have your hand held most of the way and follow them around.Not a challenge the few puzzles in here were either easy or you could skip them. Never should skipping a puzzles be in an adventure game!!Very clumsy and the most awkward inventory usage ever.. I mean to the point you accidentally close the scene way to often! A lot of dialogue that can not be skipped!I would have preferred cuts scenes to just suddenly being somewhere or that awful Map! My picture of the island was a model on the developers table nothing like the screen shots I’ve see on the web!Some of it did seem more like an unfinished game they just put out and It did crash and freeze numerous times!Cathryn’s relationship with her Dad was left to up in the air for me! Hope they make a 15 Day's part 2Am I unhappy I bought it? NOPE!
Being a Manager of a Call Centre in the real world, I find Smooth Operators to be somewhat close to what it is I actually do. Which I'm not sure whether that surprises me. Okay, sure, the game is very blocky and stocky, and has all the replay value of doing the dishes, but its still quite amusing.
This is a game that is very heavily inspired by the mobile game "Dungeon Raid" (my personal favorite of all time tbh, rip 32-bit support), so if you know what I'm talking about you already know if you'll like the game or not.For complete newcomers (aka most of you), the game has a simple premise: match tiles and collect loot/do damage. It isn't the Bejeweled type of matching however; you draw a line between similar types of tiles and collect every tile the line goes through. You can continue the line in any direction as long as there's another tile that can be matched with it. It's not a very "puzzle-y" type of match 3, but a strangely compelling type. In terms of what your brain has to do, you can't completely zone out, but you can play effectively while paying attention to a movie or something on the side. Of course, you can focus entirely on the game as well, and that can lead to clever plays that make/break the run.The game has a roguelike structure, where you level up throughout a short run, and get permanent unlocks that show up in other runs. I personally think the acquisition of Tentacles (the main currency for unlocking new things) is on the slow side, but the unlockables aren't necessary to have a successful run so I don't mind it as much. My biggest gripe has to do with the unlockables that are gained through treasure chests, as they're random and sometimes you won't get what you need until much later on. As an example, the last two classes were locked for me due to requiring you to get certain items unlocked from the chests, but those two classes were the last things I unlocked due to the random order. Again, you don't really need the unlockables, and arguably the starting gear is the strongest apart from one or two pieces, but variety really helps in a game like this.As for cons, this game has very similar cons to its source inspiration. Truly "insane" runs require specific setups, and you won't get anywhere near them if you try to diverge due to some glaring (at least from what I can tell) balance issues. Notably, the active skill Treasure Hunter and passives that accelerate gold/armor/exp gain are the main culprits. Regardless of what build you try to go for, you *need* to accelerate the speed at which you level up you and your gear if you want to have any chance of keeping up with the enemies (especially if you go for hard mode at every option). And Treasure Hunter is almost a necessity as you can easily double or triple your gold gain throughout a run, and gold can be used to get all 3 of the juicy passives. To make matters worse, some of the permanent unlockables *also* boost gold gain, meaning that gold is the de facto resource to funnel as much as possible. Also, apart from some things being OP, some things are very UP as well. For one, many active skills simply pale in comparison to alternatives; usually the skills that do direct damage and skills that are overly situational. For upgrades, some are simply worse than others, either because of weak scaling or simply being inferior; sneak attack vs. base damage is a good example of this, as both are almost always offered at the same values and sneak attack only helps you for one turn vs. base damage's continuous value. You can argue that you need "weak" options to dilute the item/skill pool, but I'd rather buff the enemy's overall strength and make every option viable. Some of the enemies are clearly stronger than others as well, but I assume that this is intentional to an extent; the only suggestion I have on this point is making enemies that have stat-related abilities scale more effectively by making the abilities affect stats as a percent instead of a static +1, as when you end up fighting enemies that have double/triple digit stats, they basically have no ability.That being said, balance issues aside, the gameplay loop is *great*. Just like the game that inspired this, it's a game you can sit down and play for hours just because it's relatively simple but has room for creativity, and the constant upgrading/fighting/looting/matching feels great. Additionally, the presentation makes the game feel better to play too, as everything you do has a nice visual/audio effect associated with it that breaks up the otherwise bland (in a good way) screen. You can just get into a state of flow with how clean everything looks and feels. Also, the Steam version of this game has cross-save support with the mobile version, so you can take this game on the go where its casual but deep nature truly shines. Games tend to be fairly short (maybe 5-30 minutes or so?) although they can go on for a long time if you have an insane run (my longest is about 3 hours long!), but regardless, the game has a save and quit option so you're never going to lose a run because of time constraints.TL;DR look into the free (with ads) mobile version of this game and/or Dungeon Raid to get an idea of how the game works, and if you can get past a relatively slow progression system and the preview you got seemed to appeal to you, you'll enjoy the (great) gameplay loop that's very easy to learn and has a decently high skill ceiling, albeit a few balance issues that I'm sure will be ironed out.
I enjoy this game a lot. It reminds me of sim city 2000 from when I kid. There are two important differences: First, there's nukees. Yes you can nuke enemy nations because this game is sim city 2000 but is a modern nation builder. Second all of the cities work togeather to share rescoourses and you can trade with other nations. If you want a trip down nostliga road and have paitance for the bugs and bad user interface, than this game is for you.
i like lasercat because there are some groovy songs while exploring the map10 of 10 for best audio8 of 10 for best detail
I bought this way back when, not on Steam. Then it was on Steam, and I bought it again (because, I dunno, Steam). I still have to say, I've played it through a number of times, and it's always a great way to kill just a few minutes. It's got a self-imposed time limit, even. Winning is a delight, losing is still generally amazing. My only complaint, ever, is that there are times when you've just hit the luck of the draw so well that you've literally done everything there is to do in the galaxy and succeeded at most of it. Even so, definitely recommended.
A fun word game to kill some time; 10 minutes or an hour at a time.There are some minor bugs here or there and some questionable UI/menu decisions, but generally doesn't have a huge impact on playability.
Burly Men at Sea,This game can be summerized as an interactive story with gorgeous visuals and calming sounds.In short, it'll be a game that you can play during your down time to take your mind off the events of the day and just relax a little.The game works like this: you, the 3 brothers, are inside a circle, which is your view of the world, by dragging this imaginary circle left or right, you explore the world and find new adventures. The game isn't linear, it has a number of branches and stories that you can explore, each with their own tales.The writing is amazing, although it's more or less a series of short stories, I really appriciate it. There are some funny jokes and some serious moments which all together set a beautiful tone to the world. Mix that with the wonderful sounds and music (and trust me you will enjoy this part a lot) and the wonderful, colorful minimalistic visuals and you end up with a true indie gem.Now to my understanding this isn't a very long game as you can tell from the price but it isn't lacking. Considering the gorgeous artstyle, sounds and the charming writing I think it's worth the price point and it should give you around 2-3 hours of entertainment.What you need to know is that this isn't a game for everyone, this is a series "of soft-choice based intractive short stories" so that's up to you to decide if that description is appealing to you or not.When i say "A series of soft-choice based interactive short stories" I mean that you make choices that shape different adventures and branch a path for you, however in the end once one adventure is over, you end up looping around to start another.This game isn't a "oh you died cause bad choices scenario", hence why i used "soft-choice based" as the description. Your choices still matter and give you different and unique paths and different stories, but it's more like a series of short adventures rather than a really driven out novel with major choices that drag on and affect you later on.So in short, some of the choices you might make are as simple as going left or going right and this'll give you a new adventure based on what you chose.I hope this serves as a good description for someone looking to buy this game and that if you're interested in that type of game, ends up as a buying point for you.Finally I'd just like to point out, there is a mobile version of this game as well, which you might find more suited to you. (since it'll be swiping left and right instead of dragging the screen with a mouse)In any case, buckle up and enjoy this one :)
Really fun QTE input style game! Lots of fun characters and achievements here to collect and at a reasonable price :)
The game is ok... but is few images.
I'm still playing this game and for now the game it's really fun, the controls aren't very dificult and the game is very challenging, at least the first Act, I still have others to play.If you'd like to also check my gameplay!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5UCifUZjVfs&amp;t=25sHave fun! =D
PLAYED ON OCULUS QUEST 2 VIA VIRTUAL DESKTOP FULL WIRELESSI mean... I went in thinking I knew what to expect and still got a pleasant surprise. It's a relatively basic game but its just made REALLY well. Loving it to do death so far.
Card-based games are few and far between, at least on Linux, so I jumped at the opportunity to buy this as soon as I saw it released. I'm not disappointed!Especially intriguing to me was the "Quest" portion of the game's title, and for the most part, it lives up to it. Sure, it isn't on par with something like the original Puzzle Quest's transformation of Bejeweled into an RPG-lite, since it currently appears to lack any real story elements. However, it is a nice game of FeeCell, and includes RPG elements such as experience, leveling, gold, equipment, shops, spells, character classes, health and healing items, to add some more depth and purpose to playing beyond just a game of cards.It doesn't have gamepad support natively, but the mouse-heavy controls map nicely to the Steam Controller, if you've got one of those.
Throw pepperonis at your friends for like ten minutes, laugh, win. Worth. -Cheesus Crust, King of the Pizza Tower
I loved it when it didn't freeze up.  I realize this is an early access game so I give the developers credit for making what is going to be a really cool game!  I really enjoyed skating the opening scenes and tutorial.  I have had issues where it just freezes and won't let me do anything with either the controller OR keyboard.  Dev notes state F9 will unstick / unfreeze it but it did not.  I have been using a PS4 controller but did try keyboard to unfreeze.I love the upbeat music of the game and it feels great to skate around.  This is a very colorful game which I also like.  I would recommend it - get it in early access to support the DEVs and get your updates for free.  I will await further updates - but it's going to be hard to wait.  Skating in this game is so fun!
This is actually the author, so I will use this space to try to address some of the points raised so far in the reviews. Please note that this game was only recently released, and there are some known bugs that should hopefully be ironed out soon (which appear to be blocking some of the paths through the game).Note also that this is the 2nd in an expected 3 game story-arc. As such, the game does only take you so far in the story, which will be completed in the last part of the game. You cannot save everybody in the story, though some characters can be saved, if you make the right decisions (or kill others yourself). Anyway, please feel free to discuss the game, here or in the discussion section! :)
Great little game. Very entertaining and also quite challenging.
Στα [+]•  Τό Πρώτο Κεφάλαιο. •  Τά όμορφα καί λεπτομερή γραφικά, μερικά χιουμοριστικά στιγμιότυπα καί κάποιοι έξυπνοι καί αρκετά δύσκολοι γρίφοι. Στα [-]•  Τά πολλά καί κοινότυπα επιτραπέζια παζλάκια/mini games. Ειδικά από τό Δεύτερο Κεφάλαιο καί μετά, μοιάζουν ν' αποτελούν καί τό μοναδικό είδος γρίφων, παραπέμποντας σ' ένα συνηθισμένο casual παιχνιδι. Βαθμολογία: 2,5/5http://adventures-index10.blogspot.com/2016/01/steel-life.html
It looks good as an early access version. Game developers also socialize in the game as well. You can change time inside this game to see a good environment in daytime and nighttime. You can put some media source (e.g., youtube to watch during you are in the game. You can met a new friends. Can't wait for another patches and gadgets. The development teams are keeping update for making game by add some features and contents.
AWESOME CATS AND MUSIC
A neat short puzzle game. That last level is challenging, but if you poke around long around, you'll get the solution. Definitely give this one a go.
cheap, short, good music, nice
I never knew how much physical labour I could get done after chugging a can of condensed milk and cooked eggs.Very enjoyable game.
If you're on the fence about getting this game, try out Jelly Brawl Classic, the free version of this game that offers the classic mode. If you like what you see, the full version is definitely worth the price.The full game supports two additional game modes, online support, and a custom level builder. Each of the new game modes, race and hit &amp; go, use the same mechanics as the classic mode but offer new twists and allow players to refine their jelly handling techniques to remain victoriousI personally have been following this game for a while, and I'm super proud of Cole for all of his work in getting the game to where it is today :)Edited to fix formatting
I enjoy this game, but I would like to be possible to add sounds.
Well, I just adore a relaxing pixel game. While I don't want to compare or name drop, there are similar games out there. I bought this on a whim. I've only completed 5 puzzles so far though had an enjoyable time doing so. It actually took me a few minutes to figure out how to "draw" a number rather than click one square at a time. Every time I tried I could only move the entire screen. Finally figured out to hold down the left mouse button to make a streak. The only learning curb comes within how you control the screen. This game is very simplistic and would love to see some minor improvements over time. The sprites are nicely done and feel the price is perfect for this game. Mind you, I'd love to see some achievements. I've no idea how many puzzles there or how frequently they'll release new packs. I am only 5 puzzles in though am very happy with what I got. I wasn't a fan of the music though I rarely have music with 99% of my games.
Went into this visual novel not knowing much about it, and came out of it with an enjoyable experience! I really enjoyed the delicate soundtrack and relationship themes explored in the writing. The subjects tackled were presented in a way that I felt was very thoughtful, respectful and relatable. Thank you. This was totally up my alley and I'd love to see more like it from the studio!
This game should come with a medical warning. It's a 99 cent acid trip with a significant chance of a brain damaging freak out.It was so nonsensical, my jaw dropped several times when I finally figured out the next random sequence of object interactions that drove the "plot" forward. At first, this was frustrating, but then it got funny - really funny - laugh out loud funny as the game moved on (the use for the piranha wins the prize for absurdity). I have completed the game and its bizarre epilogue, and I still have no idea what was going on. I've got to believe this was intentional. It's as if the developers took the half-baked ideas and glaring plot holes from a dozen different low budget Sci-Fi movies and used a random number generator to assign them a position in the game's "script". This isn't merely a language translation problem (though there were several of these throughout the game) this is total lack of pyschological coherence problem, and it is (intentionally?/unintentionally?) hilarious like an Ed Wood movie.I am recommending the game only to people who have read the above description of my playthrough and thought - "I've got to see this fever dream." If you read the description and had any other reaction, I do not recommend this game.
Very nice game. It flows smoothly and the levels are all very enjoyable.The price is very fair too.
The most casual battle royale you can find. It's like kill them all as fast as you can but without the super stress of more hard-core games. Love the chickens popping up at the end of the battle. Recommend to anyone who looks for a fun engaging game to chill.
I personally enjoyed this game.Made by GIANT the people who made Farming Simulator games the equipment handles the same.My only complaint it takes a while to earn money, you have to have patience and stick with it.It's a great way to pass time.What do you expect for 9.99.I bought this and Airport Simulator 2014 and i'm happy with my purchases.Good luck and Good gaming to all. P.S. I have'nt figured out how to throw the snowballs yet but i will.
What a lovely experience, as sweet as candy! The horror elements are very mild so it can be enjoyed by the whole family; it's more of a mystery/adventure. The game has a lovely pastel tone to it with fantasy overtones from Wonderland which pair perfectly with the soundtrack. The game has style and substance; pretty on the outside but there's a real story inside and true depth and devlopment to the characters. You can tell every bit of it was constructed with the utmost care; a true labor of love! The cast of witches are all interesting and different in design and personality, the dialogue is well written: full of humor and heart. The puzzles, secrets, collectables and side-quests sprinkled throughout  will keep you busy for hours and serve for plenty of replay value. I absolutely adored the Cooking mechanic within the game as well. I've enjoyed this and Trick n' Treat so much that I cannot wait to see what comes next from this developer!
If you like your Japanese indie rough diamonds with original mechanics, this is a cool addition to your collection, though you'll have to wrestle with the controls a lot.
Game is very simple and relaxing.
Golf for Workgroups is very similar (if not the same game) as Golf? on windows 95ish? Anyway this is a fun golf game that you can play for a while with friends. There is only 9 holes, so there needs to be more, but the driving of carts is a different and fun experience. I do like the obstacles such as the water, the black holes and other things that I have no idea what to call. It seems like the difficulty messes with the gravity and forces you to be perfect with your shots. There is nothing wrong with this game as it runs well when you make your own server. The only negative thing I have to say is there is not enough content to continue to play for hours. I am hoping and fairly sure there will be more holes, content and extra things to be added in the future to make this game even better! However I do have a lot of fun with my friends playing this game a little bit at a time and would suggest to others if you have a few dollars and friends to play with to get this game. This is a fun and different experience than Golf with friends and Golf It.
Great Permutator is real brain-burner puzzle game.  This game is a lot of fun but wow does it make you think.  It reminds me a lot of programming logic and such.  It's really fun, and you feel like a genius after solving almost any puzzle after the first couple easy ones.EDIT: After some time I will add this:  The game is still really fun, but unlike games like spacechem or infinifactory, there are very limited amounts of solutions.  It's more of a find one or two unique solutions or it won't work, rather than let you solve it and try to optimize.  This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but it does feel somewhat constrained.
This is too much fun. This game made my wife say she is willing to play this at any time. Trust me that means alot
This game is fantastic and definitely worth the price it is going for now. You can read other reviews for details but I highly recommend this one.
The game is ok.
My aim is still bad
Not a bad game. One thing that's immediately clear is that an editor really should have been brought in to polish the writing, as it feels somewhat rough. Having fun so far though! The music is fun too!
it's a lot of fun after you get the hang of itits really good, so you should get it.
I am loving the flashbacks I get to my days in Zelda.  Keep up the great work.  Always love some good pixel porn.
It's not that often that I like a protagonist in this type of games. This one is the exception. I adore our fumbling amature villain! He is smart, his arrogance and humility levels are well balanced, and I like the fact that when everything that could possibly go wrong with his plan, goes, and his attempts to deal with it end up more or less unsuccessful (depending on the ending), he still looks good, regardless.The uncle is great, I liked his character a lot. I had my reservations about Mantis at first, but she turned out to be a total sweetie. Like an honorary aunt. I wasn't overly impressed with Sergei's route, but it's a matter of taste. Still a cool character (if a little cliché). It's interesting how the romantic aspect is tuned down in his route (more like a hint of a hint of chemistry between him and MC) in comparison to Hunter's.I'd have loved to see more of Keegan and Hunter in his respective route, and it's a bloody shame this game is so short :( A sequel or two are definitely in order.
I like this game, it's a very good puzzler. But one annoying thing, the lantern. Does anybody remember "clippy" from microsoft office?
Pros:- Much needed sequel to the original Persona 5 game!- Haru gets screen time!- Fun combat gameplay- Several Personas to collect and use in battle- Able to romance the Fluffy Gardener!- Amazing remixes from the original Persona 5 game!- You can play as the Harytolagus Okukimongus!- Unlockable Master Skills for each character.- Did I mention there's a lovable Floofy girl in this game?Cons:- Game is a lot shorter than original Persona 5- Not a sequel to Persona 5 Royal- No Akechi or KasumiOverall:- Buy this if you love Persona 5!- Haru is best girl!
It's a fun and short game, and really funny to watch friends crawl around in the floor. Some of the objects were a bit buggy, but nothing gamebreaking. Definitely worth the price.
Excellent game! Very addictive and nerve-racking fun!
Short but fun. The puzzles vary in difficulty, and I found a few to be rather tricky to work out, but nothing impossible to solve. The music is cute and charming, and the story is told fairly well without any dialogue. If you like classic puzzle games and want to spend a couple hours relaxing, this is a good choice.
Fun game with good mechanics and design! The only real problem I have is the lack of players but now that marketing has begun I don't see why that wouldn't resolve itself. Definitely worth the price.
An interesting game that takes the format of the classical JRPG which was popular with SNES and GENESIS.The artwork was very nice and interesting and it gave a good atmospheric feel to it. The music was repetitive but still very nice. The combination of the artwork, music, and gameplay envokes nostalgia for sure. I enjoyed playing this game so far and I plan on finishing it soon. I would like to see more JRPGs like this.Great Job Sherman3D.
Okay, so here's how you make a cat girl.Don't genetically modify a girl for cat like features. We can't do that yet.Selectively breed humans to give you a young girl with anime like features, and raise her in isolation so she trusts you and only you. Make her think animes are examples of how people really behave. Formulate a strict diet and exercise plan so she's always in the exact physical form you wish.Humans have a "growth hormone". Excess of this causes giganticism. I'm absolutely sure cats have a similar hormone, which scientists are probably already aware of. If not, finding it should be doable. Not easy, science is never easy, but doable with current technology.Find the breed of cat with ears and tail that best matches your aesthetic preferences, and fur the colour you want. Take young, healthy, robust specimens and inject the growth hormone directly into their circulatory system, in a large vein, not an extremity. Scale the dosage down, based on mass ratios, from what is effective on humans (this information is known to scientists, and can be accessed on journals. You'd have to pay for it, but that's a small price for salvation). Some cats will die. Adjust your dosage, and figure out a way to keep them alive. (Exercise and diet will be manipulated. Upon scaling the animal up, there will be issues. Maybe the circulatory system can't cope; if so, use steroid injections to strengthen the muscle. If the bones aren't keeping pace, add metal plates as extensions like we already do for humans in some surgeries. You get the idea. Fix the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ problems)Once you have the right dosage and treatment, genetically alter the cat to remove as many non-human markers from the cells as you can. Not easy, you won't get them all, but what can you do. Breed a cat altered thus, aesthetically perfect, to large wildcat size.Cut off its ears and tail. Xenotransplant it onto the girl. Put her on lifelong immunosuppressive medications to ensure the transplant isn't rejected.Well done, you degenerate. You've crossed several moral, ethical and legal boundaries. You are no longer welcome in any Kingdom of Man nor God. But hey. At least you have a catgirl.
I've only played a little so far but I just know I'm going to like this game. The intro set the perfect tone for a great experience of puzzles, button pressing and an interesting story. I'm normally not a huge fan of these kind of games, but I think the entirety of it makes it a truly solid experience. The music is fantastic!
A new puzzler in the ReThink series: This means the visuals are deceptively simple in design, but very elegant and just beautiful. You need to use cubes, with various functions - linear redirect, fork, 3 fork, switch between forks etc. - to redirect coloured laser light to specific "detectors" to open glass doors to access the next puzzle. As with the previous games, you are able to e.g. split white light into its R,G,B components, and several puzzles make clever use of combining light colours, redirect that to a certain place, to then split it again.The new features include: Sheets of reflective coloured glass that let light of the same colour pass, and reflect all other colours, this also lets you reflect light via panels on the ceiling (in a few puzzles). The other neat new cube is programmable, i.e. it can split the incoming light into up to 3 directions, and per direction you can control what colour (R,G,B) components you want to pass along. The latter introduces very interesting options. Oh, and portable bi-pyramidal laser energy sources, letting you e.g. change the colour of where a laser originates.Differing from the previous titles the puzzles seem to be placed in completely separate buildings in groups of four, and you move from one building to the next via teleportation. (You used to play a linear winding path from room to room where you could look into future puzzle rooms or look back on already solved ones.)Overall, if you played the previous ReThink games you should be right at home with this game. IMO is actually was easier than the previous games (I am not complaining). If you happen to like elegant puzzle games with interesting game logic, this may be for you.
Ok,I heard some reviews about this game saying that it was bad and things like that,and after playing it,even for a short time,as the game is indeed,a little short, I can say that the game is not bad,it's not the best thing there is out there,but the gameplay is fun,it reminds me to the Touhou series or Galaga and games like those.What I can say is that,paying the full price is not worth it,maybe if you find this game during a sale,and you have nothing else to buy,you can get this one,I got it for almost 10 cents or in my coin (which is the Mexican peso (1 dollar=almost 19 pesos)) 2 pesos.The game was really fun and really challenging,altough it's only 3 levels,but those levels are quite fun,you have some of your generic horror monsters,ghouls,gargoyles,wolves,bats,etc. But you also face the scariest enemies on the game....WALLS AND TREES.Yes,during most of the time,those two will be your real nightmare,but you can have fun either way,the 3 main bosses are 3 classic horror monsters,Count Orlox or Nosferatu (Here it's called The Phantom but it looks more like Nosferatu),The Headless Horseman and also Count Dracula.But the most impressive detail of the game is the BGM,the music is all made of classic epic music, like Toccata and Fugue in D Minor,or Dance Macabre and New World Symphony 4th Movement. The Music actually makes a big atmosphere for the game,and it made me enjoy the little time I had playing it,altough,I'm thinking of playing the survival mode,which is HARD MODE,but the game is really fun,you can spend some fun times but as I said,you can have more fun if you know that you bought the game during a sale.I give it an 8.7/10 It's bun,but you can get some frutrated some times and those walls and trees,man,I'm gonna have nightmares with those,but you can still enjoy it a lot.
Nice Game, Very good graphics and a great couch party game, Kinda dissapointed that there isn't online multiplayer though. I would rate it a 8/10
chuck some music on in the background and it's alright. while controller support is appreciated, it is only supported while flying. bit lazy but not the worst
Bought this when the grand RPG maker shovelware apocalypse happened and everything was on sale. Its got about 15 hours of gameplay for one playthrough, with four difficulty modes. I think the intent is that you play it once on each, but I don't see how someone could stand that. Its a pretty neat take on a JRPG though. Encounters don't respawn, Most are mobile and can be avoided and the rest are static and must be fought to physically progress. The characters are cute and the game play is basically like a mix of a point and click adventure/puzzle game and a JRPG. Its neat and the story is decently engaging. There's an endurance element to it also. Vendors are rare and all but two sell only stat ups. Their inventory is fixed so once you buy them out they're done. Recovery is mainly through picking up items that are autoconsumed when picked up, and recover a small amount of HP or MP. Same for curatives. There are dmg/poison proc ones, sometimes the game tricks you wtih them or makes them required to walk through, or just requires you to always weave through a maze of them. Which is blah. Its not without some serious flaws though. Like most point and click games it can be frustrating to know where to go, since the path through is so backtrackey (get a thing that lets you break rocks, redo everywhere breaking the rocks to go new places, etc). Keys or key-like items (there are quite a few) have to be equipped to offhand to use, and the things that let you break the 3 different kinds of rocks (for real) have to as well, and later on the jumping item. That means you spend a lot of time in your menu scrolling through a big ass list to equip the key then immediately take it off and put back on your shield/good weapon/good charm. As a consequnce of the lack of one shot recovery at an inn or resting it makes things like getting poisoned or statused very frustrating. Especially early on, having someone die (all the pickups rez them but at one heatlh) or getting your team poisoned blows, it can be a hard stop on your playthrough. It also means later one when your last party member gets an in combat heal thats cheap (she has 3x your mana and it costs 1/4 what your protagonists heal does), you sandbag lots of routine fights to slowly heal. Your protagonist ends up being the tankiest by a wide margin, and has a free taunt and a counterattack proc when hit. Lots of fights especially lategame devolve into your protagonist just murdering everything on the crackback, including all the bosses. It leads to hilarious fights with some bosses and the non-boss enemies that use their sprite (they're all just recolors) since they can too, so once one of you hits the other you sit there counterattacking until someone dies. There was a really bad difficulty curve on mobs. A lot of areas are a pretty std level of strength with large jumps, which usually means you get to backtrack in the harder areas to go heal up and then slog back in. This is partially alleviated by two teleport items but you don't acquire them until right at the end of the game, since you would otherwise have to slog back through a really long empty room.The ending, to cap it off, is rather unfulfilling. Thats a lot of negatives and no praise really, but despite that this game was very engaging, very charming, and fun. It had some really well done levels and sets, great music, and the cutest theme imaginable. This is definitely worth playing if you think you can deal with the negatives ( or don't consider them to be, different strokes for different folks).
The environment is beautiful. I did feel like it should just come to life though. As if this large metropolis should be bursting with life and energy. Especially in the lounge area where the bar is. Seems as if something is missing in that aspect. This game is very emersive, the overall feel and  flow combined music really sets you into a state of relaxation mixed with a bit of fear. Just because you do not know what can happen next.~The Fat Man
Fantastically addicting. Best game to have minimized at work and reopen and play again once no one else is looking.Work Productivity: 0/10Work Satisfaction: 10/10
Totally realistic brunch simulator.
Good game with average puzzles. It is fun to play. If you like Dracula and Van Helsing theme, it would be fun to play.
Honestly, as simple as the game is in terms of concept and mechanics, the dialogue and graphics are adorable and make it a fun adventure!
The game is just "okay". The dialogue is awkward, and the storyline seems like a large percentage of it is ripped off from The Dig, Futerama, and various other popular references. Some of the pointing "puzzles" are obtuse, but most make sense, although none are particularly clever. It's a short quick game, it's alright for a few hours of some point and click fulfilment.
I'm level 45 at the time of writing this review.Mystic Hammer is a cute Plants vs. Zombies style lane defense game.  It has a proper story line with unlockable units as you progress.  You can upgrade those units with points earned as you play through and re-play through some maps.  You can convert less used materials to more needed materials as well, which is a nice QOL feature and just helps you level up your units faster.Currently, there are 50 levels in the main story with an addition "Tower Runs" mode.This is what you'll do during and after the campaign.  The Tower Runs mode is an endless mode with increasingly difficult onslaughts coming, the farther you go, the more materials you'll acquire for Crafting.Crafting is where you'll upgrade the units, some units share materials so there is some farming aspect involved to sort out your preferred team.  Speaking of preferred teams, let's talk more about units/upgrades/ascending...You'll start off with some basic units, like an archer and your merchant (sunflowers from PvZ), you'll get a knight, a mage..etc.  You'll use materials you get to upgrade their stats.  Once you max their stats, you can Ascend them.  They unlock a new version, for instance, the normal mage will slow enemies; the ascended mage will have chain lightning.  The archer will ascend to a fire archer.These kinds of choices open a world of variety.  The ascended units cost more, but do more damage/utility.  When you pick your team of units, you'll have to keep in mind how expensive they are and how viable they'll be.The normal archer is 100 gold to place.  The fire archer is 500.  So you won't be spamming fire archers across your lanes on wave 2.I won't spoil any strats here but I'll leave you with this... It's fun, it's a nice escape, and sometimes those are hard to find these days.  GG, indeed.Oh yeah, the game has magic spells.  Have fun!
This is a fun game. Okuu is great!
Very moving. Both physically and emotionally. Beautiful music too.
Classic game
A goofy game with an interesting concept. Takes a little getting accustomed, too, but is fun to play once you get the hang of it. Definitly want to come back and spend more time with it to see what new levels bring.
The Majesty of Colors was one of the first ‘art games’ I played; it was released in 2008 when pixel art flash games were having A Moment (Jason Rohrer’s Passage was late 2007; Daniel Benmergui’s I wish I were the Moon was mid 2008) and it was my favorite of the bunch; I even fit it into the independent study project on narrative in video games that served as the foundation for my book. It sees you play a long-slumbering undersea tentacled horror, who wakes to discover the wonders of the human world. You can make a series of choices about whether to help or hurt the humans as they swim, fish, and even try to evade sharks.The Remastered version, released in 2018, makes no substantial changes; its main purpose is to rescue this classic from the death of Flash and make a few small changes, including some welcome accessibility options. Ten years later, the game feels a bit slight (it takes a few minutes to play through each time, and its focus is more on evoking a certain emotional landscape than providing real depth) but it’s still perfect in its own little way, one of the games I’m happiest to introduce to new gamers, and I’m delighted it will be available for future generations to play–even if I worry that, in the devalued landscape of indie games, nobody will pay $2 for an old game where you can see all the content in 15 minutes.
Overall pretty good for the price.. i'd say the main space one is worth the cost alone.. Each one is a couple minutes long as they do loop around several times. The main space one and the moon were the best of the 4 to me. One complaint I have is they just sort of end mid track sort of jarring. I think would of been more fun to launch you off at the end sort of like what Ultimate Booster does ha:)  oh I also didn't see anyway to reset my view either
Fly around, leave a trail, get surrounded, fly in circles hoping for the best, die with your own trail. 10/10 will play again.
They should force you to play this game in school, it would literally be the most important 6 hours of the entire curriculum
I had this on a game wishlist from an old computer. Picked it up on sale. THERE ARE NO HIDDEN OBJECTS IN THIS, it's more like a point-and-click adventure game with the Hidden Object-style look/interface. I play these for the "light mental gymnastics" and a certain mix of spookinses and campiness.The initial mystery is intriguing. But the latter half is, I think, SEVERELY underclued (I clicked the "hint" button and thought...Now how the heck did she know this was supposed to be that? And never found the part that would have led me to thinking her same thoughts).A relaxing way to pass a few nights, but doesn't make me jump for the sequel.
Man, this game.  Where to begin!  Okay first off, I got this game in a bundle with a few other dirt-cheap games, and I didn't even think I'd like it, so I went in with basically zero expectations.  That said, it exceeded those expectations, and while it was far from amazing, it entertained me just enough to see it through to the end.  That counts for something, right?Overall, I'd like to give this a neutral review, but since I can't, I'd say the needle is a little bit closer to positive than negative.  A sideways thumb, angled slightly upward, if you will.The Good: This game seems to be frequently discounted at 90% off.  I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it, but it's a good deal at $1 or so. The story, while nothing to write home about, was interesting enough for me to see it through to the end. The maps looked fairly good from an artistic standpoint.  Better than most RPGMaker games, anyway. Characters had (mostly) meaningful, useful, and well-designed abilities, and you were heavily encouraged to use them instead of just mashing attack through every fight. When starting the game, there's an option for hidden (I assume that means random) encounters vs visible encounters.  Good, because I hate random encounters. The music score was pretty decent all around. in the last area, there's a whole bunch of bosses to fight, which I enjoyed. The game hurls consumables at you in heaps.  As someone who sits on consumables (gotta save everything for the last boss!) I had 99 of some by the time I reached the final battle, just from drops and chests alone. The character design, while far from perfect, was better than many other RPGMaker games out there.  While they aren't going to inspire any fanfiction, I didn't ouright hate them, either. Lots of hidden items in crates, jars, shelves, etc to find.  There's even hidden rooms loaded with goodies. Fights were nicely balanced (on Normal setting) with things starting off easy and getting harder as you get used to the game.   Fairly short, but not overly so.  I spent about 15 hours total on it from start to finish.  Note that this may be a con to some.The Bad: Missable content.  I hate it, and this game had a little too much of it.  Specifically, a few quests can be missed, and several of them can get stuck in permanent limbo if you don't do them soon enough. The guide (not sure if it comes standard with the game, or was part of the dirt-cheap bundle I got this game in) is extremely barebones and leaves out important details, such as the previously-mentioned limited-time quests and objectives. Lots of post-battle menu maintenance.  Poison is absurdly common, and you'll find yourself heading to the menu after almost every fight to heal up throughout most of the game. Even though you can select visible-on-the-map encounters, the enemy encounter sprites are really aggressive, move quickly, and home in on you relentlessly.  Since they almost all respawn on map transition, having to backtrack can be annoying. The items were lazily done, and by that, I mean you can "use" many items that don't actually do anything, yet doing so consumes them anyway.  This is true even for a few key items, so beware.  I'm honestly not sure how this oversight made it past quality control.The Ugly: The maps have weird passability issues.  Normally-walkable areas are sometimes blocked, and normally-blocked tiles like cliffs can sometimes be walked over. While mostly fine, there's still a few annoying spelling and capitalization errors. There's a few parts in the game where, if you don't pay attention to what an NPC tells you to do, or if you took a break, came back, and forgot where you were, you might not have any idea where to go next without the guide. The final area basically deletes your accessory slot by requiring a use-or-die ring with no benefits beyond its use-or-die function.  One could argue that this increases the challenge, but it's still a tad bit unpleasant. If you leave the final area, that use-or-die item is removed for seemingly no reason, and you can only get replacements once.  If you leave the final area a second time, it's the Bad End for you. If you don't equip the aforementioned item, you get a permanent and incurable damage-over-time ailment.  This is one of those games where you can potentially save yourself into an unwinnable scenario because of things like this. Right before the final fight, there's an event script that has your characters walk past a random encounter enemy sprite that, like always, wants to get in your face.  It's possible for this enemy sprite to get stuck in front of your character.  You won't engage it since the event script is still running, but you also can't move so the only way to fix it is to restart the game.  Hopefully you saved... While most character ability sets were decently-done, the main character felt like he had a lot of filler abilities that were only ever useful for a short while.  He also was a pretty mediocre damage dealer overall compared to some of the others.
Edit:4/1/2019 (No this is not an April fools edit...just noticing the irony of updating my review today.)I started this game by misclicking on my desktop and low and behold the Steam Achievements all loaded in once I clicked on the achievements in game. So that was a nice bonus I was not expecting today. As for the "buggy" levels I haven't replayed them, but if you can be patient it is possible to three star them. (I did it before any update was patched so it might even be easier now. I'll leave that down below in the review.) If it's still hard you can certainly find help and answers online. I do hope the developers decide to listen to the feedback, and try and balance the next game better.That said, I loved this game. The story was fun, and Parker was better as a character overall. She felt much less like a stereotype, and more like a real person. I was no longer screaming at her for being rude or an idiot, which is a HUGE improvement. The twists are a bit predictable, but enjoyable. I enjoyed the minigames as well as the Cold Case function. It was also nice of the developers not to limit how many times you could do them. So once the function opens up I recommend at least getting Parker and Stella fully upgraded right away. That is another thing I love about this particular GameHouse series, you don't just play one character. They also flesh out their characters a surprising amount for how little time they have for character development. In this particular game you play as four characters. Mostly Parker, then Stella, then a bit with Lane and Vasquez. This keeps the levels from becoming too repetitive and monotonous. Which can happen in some time management games.While it was put out a little early and probably could have used just a bit more play testing for PC playing balance (I assume all these games are made with smartphones and ipads in mind.) the devs seemed to have fixed some of the issues, and are listening. So as of now I would recommend buying this game.OG Review: While it is a fun game, this game is buggy as heck. None of the Steam achievements work, and there is a bug that level 14 can't be 3 started. Perfecting it with my max score of 1310 (Only one other person has even got 1300 as far as the message boards are concerned) And the three stars doesn't unlock. This game seems rushed and shipped out with a ton of bugs. I can't even bother playing it anymore until it's fixed. I'd wait until the patch the game and fix the bugs. I've figured out how to get 3 stars on some of the 'bugged' out levels, making sure to get the fully stocked bonus, but as it stands it's still ridiculously hard for some levels. (You have to be practically psychic or lucky, get all the quick time bonuses, as well as full chain bonuses and the fully stocked bonuses on some levels. Where as on other levels it's almost child's play. The rest of the levels are fairly standard level's you'd expect in a GameHouse game. So aside from the outliers, it is beatable, but if you want to perfect the game it's going to take some work. 13-16 I think and a few others that weren't as bad as those. Parker is much less of an annoying character this game. She's grown a lot it seems working with Lane, she's not perfect but I no longer want to scream at her. (Which was my main irritation with the last game.) So that's a bonus. The story is actually better than the last one, the minigames were interesting, and overall sans the bugs I do love this game. I have beaten it and decided to finish playing it despite none of the achievements being unlocked for me on Steam. (I've gotten them all.) So I'm on the fence, but I'd still say wait until they get out a few updates.
This is a new addition to the idle genere, and it pulls many of the popular mechanics from other games. Overall, I think it's pretty decent. The game was released with only one major bug, which was fixed within 24h. I would like to see more content in the game, but this is a solid framework to start with. Some of the downsides are that you are capped on the amount of idle progress you can make. If you go to sleep at night, you will make progress, but since gold, potions, and inventory slots are capped, well...That's your limit. You do get more inventory slots, and your potions gain stack size as you progress through the game however.What you got right though, was the crafting interactions. It reminds me of Path of Exile in a way, using those tomes to upgrade or reroll gear until it's perfect. I'd like to see more affixs, more things that are good and useful though. Right now it's try to roll legendary until Attack speed / Crit  chance / Crit Damage. But hey, Dev - you've got a good start here. You're already on Steam, and that's a huge step. I'm excited to see where you take this.
Wow This game is very time consuming and fun for any player of geometry dash.
Absolutel wonderful. This game is fantastic for enthusiasts of obscure and antiquated board games. I definitely recommend it. And to add to it all, it's low cost, and low impact on the system.Here's my detailed contstructive review:Overall Rating 4/5 Stars ★★★★☆I have only two VERY small gripes about it, and one is purely opinion.1.) It would be nice to have some sound effects in actual gameplay of the dice rolling, and the pieces moving, similar to those found in the tutorial.2.) (the opinion one) The ruleset I'm used to uses slightly different rules for the dice, wherein there is no ability to roll "zero/0". Instead 1 white tip pointing up = move 1 space, 2 = move 2 spaces, 3 = move 3 spaces, and none = move 4 spaces. This is likely just a matter of differently developed rulesets (if I remember correctly, at least T.  Kendall, and R.C. Bell, both developed differing rulesets)Pros:- Educational: The Royal Game of Ur, also known as The Game of Twenty Squares, is arguably one of the oldest known board games in history, if not, thee oldest known board game in history. It originated in ancient Mesopotamia (modern day Iraq, Iran, Kuwait, Turkey, and Saudi Arabia), about 4,500 years ago. It may or may not be related to a younger board game, played in Egypt, called Senet,- This will probably run on pretty much any modern day machine running Windows 10.- Both player vs AI, and player versus player, is available.- Unlock different aesthetics for the board, the counters, and the dice, by accumulating wins (even player vs AI counts toward this).- Easy to learn, hard to master.- Different game speeds- Different difficulty levels- Two different variants of the paths that the counters must take on the board (you'll understand once you're briefed on the rules and instructions).- Guided tutorial- Beautiful music to pl- Option to play in a windowed format, so you can keep an eye on other tasks at hand. Also has full screen mode if you prefer it.Cons:Just the two mentioned previously, which aren't really that big of a deal.Overall, the developer has done a fantastic job of emulating The Royal Game of Ur, and I am greatly pleased with my purchase. I hope to see more work regarding archaic/antiquated board games in video game format from  this developer in the future (Psst: I really enjoy Fetlar Hnefatafl).
BUG FOUND BUG ALERT this is just for the developersif you have a tile above a tile and they're the same tile and they're the last 2 tiles you obviously have to reshuffle but when you do the bottom tile is left shaded(unclickable) even both tiles are on the same level after the shuffle, I've lost two times so far because of this and it's very annoying please fix it soon-edit-another bug foundwhen you shuffle a board and its relatively still a complete board like 90% or enough tiles still there to keep the artistic design and you have to shuffle, when you press the shuffle button the image gets flipped in a direction and sometimes the image gets flipped in a way that puts certain tiles in a design outside of the window (inaccessible) so shuffling should just shuffle the board not flip the image.
A fun "guess the movie from emojis" game. There's a lot of different genres to choose from, and a lot of content for $1. The developer is also actively implementing fixes and changes that the community asks for.
I suck hard at platformers, so it felt especially good killing a guy who looks kinda like my ex again and again. Can't recommend enough!
Fantastic silly multiplayer that works great over remote play. Some of the hardest I've laughed in multiplayer. Highly recommended!
A simple, easy to understand tycoon game. The game offers quite an array of food to serve which is amazing, ranging from teas, drinks, fast foods, to culinary cuisines. The gameplay is quite straightforward, though there are some confusing parts like Investor information before any Investor is actually available and how to change the number of food served.For most part, I try selling stuff at quite a high price and it seems to work itself out. A key tactic I have found is to get a spot "traffic pattern" to adjust the food served properly for that particular spot. Even if multiple areas are deficit, one major profit can reverse the tide (especially on bad days).I personally like this game for the simplicity yet enjoyment it gives me and thus would recommend this game, especially for those who seek to play a tycoon game without stressful economy management.
Extremely difficult. People are saying the puzzles are easy but the labyrinth is hard, they're wrong. A lot of the riddles and puzzles make absoluetely no sense and require external sources to be able to crack them. The maze is terribly difficult, but not hard enough to where if you can't find you're way around you're retarded. I've mapped out about 1/5 of the maze and when you look at it on paper, it makes way more sense.People who leave a negative review are only mad because they can't win the 1 bitcoin, which it of course should be insanely difficult to win 10 grand. Not easy.
It might looks very close to the original chime, but the changes the developpers made aren't only cosmetic. They tweaked ever so slightly the mechanics of scoring and added different gaming modes from the main one, which makes it the actual superior version IMHO.
Pros:+ Nice graphics+ Engaging story+ A lot of nice name dropping+ A mix of actual technologies of the past and Sci-Fi+ Good optional quest of collecting the atom symbols.Cons:- Weird ending. VERY veird.- No usual for Artifex Mundi bonus chapter - and when the plotline about the protagonist's mother BEGS for it!
OMG this game is a must. For being so cheap, I got loads of fun with my friends. Honestly, I would've been beating my meet if it wasn't for this game. I've become such an addict, tbh. I luv twinkies. But for real, this game is aMAZING and i would recommend it to anyone wanting to have a blast and have a great time with friends. It's only $0.99 for LOADS of fun. ;3 5 STARS BABYYYYY!!!!!!!
most of the sound effects seem to be from gay porn videos
Fun little simulator game but not much reason to play through it twice. Would be cooler if it had more types of games besides stuff from the 80's (like light-gun games or dance games, etc.)
This is a delightful llittle puzzle game. It has a clear style and enjoyable gameplay.
As a rabid fan of both Christmas and match-3 games, I'm absolutely loving this! Yeah, it's obviously a bit old and the graphics are a bit dated, but to be honest that makes me like it more! When the little icons on the screen that you match move on mouseover it reminds me of funky geocities-era gifs and I'm totally there for it! (No offense to the devs, of course - as I said, I adore the game's certain tackiness, lol) Only thing that I wish this had is slightly better widescreen support (although I am perfectly happy to live with the bars on the sides) and, most importantly, an endless mode, although from what I read in the discussions area the game engine doesn't really support it, since it's so old. I'll live it with and just ignore the ice panes then, hehe. A lovely little game that I'll be playing for many more hours to come. It warms my cold, dead heart, and will be proudly included in my Christmas game collection here on Steam. Thank you!
Super silly game but fun with friends.
⭐⭐ ⭐ ★  ★ Picked it up for a song at 24 cents,About an hours worth of storyline with good narration / style.Would eat party-goers again.
first quick impressions:- the good:    * fun    * challenging AI    * pretty intense battles    * clear visuals    * good music- the not so good:    * lack of options menu    * the player gun sound fx is very loud, drowning out the music    * instructions are partially for the gamepad, and partially for the mouse and keyboard    * perks and how to use them are poorly explainedIronically, the teammates in this game are nicer to play with than your average counter-strike match
This one's a victory royale *does fortnite dance*
team fortress 2 but there are flying medics with shotguns, the scout is the medic but worse, the pyro has a rocket launcher, the heavy and soldier feel the exact same, the spy has feign death keybind, and demoman can
de gaem is guuud
r18 patch pls
nice
This was nostalgia induced buy for me. However, game itself is very enjoyable. Riddles remind me of Lost Vikings style of game.There are 5 chapters each with about 1h of play, depending how fast you are solving the challenges.Levels are not too hard but not too dumb either. Difficulty should be enough to make it a nice challenge for younger audience and good entertainment for those born in the 80 that remember original series.
Nice little game. Needs some work on the text style (white outlines and a white background...) and needs a lot of work on English grammar and spelling (which is *very important* if you're selling this as an educational game). The game mechanics themselves are nice, though.
A great 3d vr puzzle game. If you liked Marble Land you will love this game also.
Fun game to speedrun. Kind of similar to Super Monkey Ball. Lots of ways to be innovative and improve times.
still holds up after all this time.
A flawless gem, that emits smart puzzles with laser-sharp precision.Lots of puzzles in varying difficulties and several new elements to discover along the way.Easy to get into. Only downside is that the puzzles can be solved with mere trial and error. This is most noticeable with the easy ones. Of course it's up to you to think ahead instead of just moving the blocks around. The flipside is that you can avoid roadblocks, which is nice.I've played 6 hours and guess that i finished ca. 3/4 of the game.Wholeheartily recommended, if you like puzzle-games once in a while.
I have had the best fun streaming this with my grandson as my co-op partner.  I love everything about it and we have had my viewers in fits of laughter many times while they watch us (me) failing miserably in so many funny and unforeseen ways.
Bundled in with Lair of The Clockwork God, this is a funny little Visual novel in its own right. Little touches like the Behold The Kickmen style markings on the sports ground show how much effort has gone in for what could easily be dismissed as a joke product.As to whether this is worth a separate purchase, it depends, as a prelude to the main game it works well, but it really suits being combined with Lair... it provides a very detailed background essential to those who want to understand how to play the game. Some say that, as you find yourself getting older, it's more and more important to take stock of your youth, and that's essentially the function this serves.
Some good notes and some bad bugs.Good: When the game was working it was a huge laugh, having a bunch of people in one room on different devices lead to a lot of smack talk, and a lot of stabbing. The game play, while very simple, is a ton of fun, and makes for an incredible party game.Bad: We could not get every device working. The biggest boon to this game would be having friends come over and download it on their phones or tablets, but when we tried running multiple platforms together it was bug city. Different devices would log in as the same player, ghost players would be able to run around and stab whoever they wanted (which was hilarious, but for the wrong reasons), and the game would crash constantly or throw people back to the lobby.I hope a patch comes in the next few days, I will definitely be trying this out again. Recommended, but with a warning.
Awesome Game! If you like baseball. I highly suggest! I use this program for a fantasy baseball league. The game focuses on statistics and GM standpoint which i really enjoy! If you are looking for a baseball game similar to MLB The Show this is not it but... if you enjoy the economy and the strategy of the game this one is for you
Whens the Garfield DLC coming?
As far as puzzle games go this is OK. It is pretty fun in the begininng but with time it can get boring as they use the same map multiple times. I guess if you want to play and relax it is not bad.
A fun click game. Try to maintain and increase your power while dealing with the opinions and concerns of your nation's %1, %99, and ocassional encounters with aliens and zombies.
Wildlife park 2: Horses is a Survival Horror standalone expansion to the base game 'Wildlife park 2'. The objective of this game is to own and manage your very own horse stable and to avoid getting kicked in the nuts by the horses on a daily basis. This game add's a new chapter to the survival horror experience that puts Resident evil and Silent hill to shame.It has graphic scenes such as giving you the option of ripping out the reproductive organs of any horse you click on and also allows you to watch as the various horses sodomize eachother. Review update 2016: What makes Horses happy? Apperently not 4'x8' living conditions.
I got it so I could write big gay with my achievement showcase 11/10
This is a great fun, if short, physics puzzler and it's really a shame it seems to have been slept on. Definitely worth the asking price.
This is a quirky alternative to the classic Burgertime and anyone who's ever played it will get the hang of this really quickly. While I do recommend this game, the controls and physics are really janky and need a lot of work. Arguably, that's part of the charm and keeps you coming back to get better at it, but this problem rears its head a little too often at key moments while playing and outstays its welcome in short order.Also, in later levels, the introduction of certain enemy types ratchets the difficulty to an obscenely unfair level where you are just doomed to fail as everything, even your own controls, are against you.The potential was there for this one to be great, but it's merely ok. Still worth checking out for the price, though, at least.
You have a drunk friend is so hilarious and stupid at the same time. My friends and I (I streamed the game when playing) laughed our asses off.I don’t even know how to explain the gameplay. You need to keep your friends from hurting themselves, make them wet, dry them and lay them into bed to rest.Unfortunately, there are only 2 levels and the second one can’t be finished (bug). Apparently, there will be more levels coming.Totally worth the small price for the fun you can have.
i dont mind it, it kills time while im between meetings working from home.  very slow paced but that's typical, good characters so far but im barely into it, only 6hrs.  it is too slow paced and bland a story to hold my interest on its own, i imagine that's because the game has aged.  I have to be doing something else just to get through some of the boring parts, although there are a number of funny parts.  i dont feel it was worth what i paid for it but i dont regret buying it.
I really enjoy this game, the exfil of scientists is enough to make someone go freaking insane with rage but i really enjoy the different types of agents, technology and choices you can make. The Exfiltration of scientists is what i hate about this game i wish it could be skipped or maybe even put to chance depending on your agents skills, strength and intelligence points instead but other than that i really enjoy the game. I do however want to play as Australia which is just sitting empty on the bottom of the map all alone with no agents or anything to do there. My almost completed play through made me frustrated considering i was at 99% completion of sigma before the russians decided to take over the planet with mind control but meh. Do i reccomend this game? Yes, but take breaks so you don't destroy anything with how frustrating the Exfil is.
Bizarre Barber is such a singularly unique and strange combination of experience and aesthetic that the sensation I got from starting it reminded me of my first play of Katamari Damacy. At the time of that game's release, its individual vision and gameplay mechanics were both odd in combination and presentation, as well as not yet accepted as a series or institution of gaming history. With BB, those mechanics are simple enough to pick up and play, but challenging to master and physically demanding as a work out. Your hair chopping will get you moving in all directions and trying different gestures in the space. This is all while surrounded in an environment that is very immersive by way of presentation in spite of being only forward facing and on-a-rail-of-sorts. The subway, and funky, alien entities riding it receiving the haircuts creates a colorful diversity punctuated by sound design like the metro if all its sound was produced by Cardi B. All elements make this one of the most New York-feeling games that I've ever played, as strange as that may seem. If you're down with vibrant, whimsical, weird stuff, check this out.
Ah-mazing artwork! Easy gameplay, though? Not so much... But every second is fun and beautiful at the same time.
All I can say is that this is a good book.
I really have to dive into this more but between this and their mobile app, I'm very happy with the level of language immersion.  I'm going to write a more in depth review later but this was my first take.
HOLY SH***! THIS IS THE BEST $4.89 I'VE EVER SPENT!!!
10/10 best game would recommend for kids overall child friendly game perfect for when your little cousin comes over and wants to play on ur pc but it good even for just casual gaming
You play as the british love child of Albert Einstein and Willy Wonka. After presumably having taken a copious amount of recreational drugs you, your two gun loving buddies and your chicken come up with the greatest idea of all time. " Let's get inside a hollow cannonball with a limited amount of oxygen and fire ourselves straight into the moon, I bet we'll find some gnarly moon people" said the chicken. And it was so.I'm incredibly invested in the narritive so far and the intense gameplay made for an incredible experience not to mention the otherworldly brilliance of the graphics and sound design. I give this a 10/10. I can't wait for the upcoming sequel that was announced at this year's E3, there's been rumours that you'll finally be able to play as the chicken in the DLC.
best gem
I hadn't heard of this game, but decided to try it out after reading some of the reviews. This is one of the most fun and ridiculous VR games I've played. It's a simple, straight forward game, and well worth the price. It's pretty hard not to laugh when you're checking a cat for errors and find it has an eyeball instead of a butt(hole) (steam doesn't like that word I guess), or an elephant trunk instead of a mouth. Great game to play when company is over; it's almost as much fun to watch as it is to play.
Liked Xortex in the Lab? You'll love this. It's still got a few rough spots due to the Early Access nature, but it's completely worth the money. A bigger room with more variety of enemies, power ups like homing rockets and a second drone already have me hooked. About the only bad thing so far is you need a spotter to tell you to start spinning the other way since you'll get tangled up moving so much. Excellent work and I can't wait to see what else they've got planned.
Everything great about a shovelware minigame on deep sale at .54 cents. Got through all the repeatative levels in about a half hour. It's worth noting that the video and pictures on the store page add some music and cartoonish effects that aren't actually in the game. But it doesn't really change much.
The game Perfection is all about spacial logic and uncontroalble physics. Yes I would like to see points or rewards but those were not built in. Perfection is a logic puzzle game. I find is quite delightful.
This is about a 2 hour game. It's more of a story game than an economic simulator or an art history educational tool. That's okay, though. More than enough story and interactivity to be worth the $10 price tag.
Fun game.10/10 would horse again
This was an okay hidden-object game.  The HOG scenes and puzzles were a bit on the easy side; I played through the entire game in a single 4-hour play-through.  The plot is pretty unusual for this sort of game: it is the plot of Treasure of Sierra Madre: there's some kind of battle royale going on between various villains all back-stabbing and betraying and killing each other off.  Everyone is the bad guy: the victim, the red herring suspects, the actual suspects, people who died before the story starts-- they're all bad guys in some criminal counterfeiting ring and they all get greedy and decide to eliminate each other, apparently at random.  I give the game credit for an ambitious plot, but I was too busy scavenger-hunting for MacGuvyer objects and hunting the 22 collectibles to follow it.  Still, this gets a half thumbs up for effort.
my fave of the Luxor popcap games. great for when you just wan to relax and play something mindless
Solid stuff. Hope to see an update that includes subtraction, apparently I'm not quite as good at maths as I thought.
This game is definitely going to be fired up at my next party.10/10 insane value. Would purchase again. (Will purchase agian.)
its alright, but the fifth special stage is asssss
This game is something that my Grandfather and I bonded over when it first came out. Hide and Seek games will always be special with me, especially this one.
It’s fun! Maybe because I think aquariums are cool! Some fish are incompatible with others, and require different things, so it’s fun to balance making community tanksPumps can be connected together by connecting them to the same tank, which is neat because that means I can have a single equipment room for multiple tanksI will say the game itself is easy, and the graphics are nothing to write home about, but it’s a relaxing game, and you can go into first person mode and walk around your aquarium! You will enjoy it if you like aquatic life, or if you like sim/management games! It’s a great game to get your feet wet in the world of simulation games!
Simple, cheap and entertaining. Smooth control and relaxing graphics.6/10
First of all, I like this app and the environments are fantastics. But there should be more... There should be more environments: walking a few alleys, where you can enter every little shops, visiting some famous districts like Shinjuku, Akihabra, Shibuya, parks, etc. There should have more interaction: taking some objects in hands (the chopsticks, some food, glasses, beer bottle, etc.), having the fabric signs move when you touch them or when you walk trough them,  etc. It would be nice to have rooms where you meet with your friends and talk. There should be some AI people sitting or walking around. In resume, it should be a real VR world you can visit and interact with. It could be a way to practice japanese by reading the signs, and a way to prepare a futur trip.
UI looks like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ eroge from 2002. Bad voice acting and audio quality, trash ass soundtrack that you should probably turn all the way down in order to enjoy the game. can't go full screen properly, released in 2020 by the way. very short. you can probably 100% in about an hour (I have 7+ hours because I tend to jerk off)CG is not too bad though, would definitely recommend playing with the patch, otherwise, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ass game definitely not worth $13, not when games like NEKOPARA are $10 and are on sale every few weeks.But I'll recommend anyway since the artist did a great job.
A magical masterpiece.Not only the Visual Novel that I laughed the most to, also the one that I cried the most to.A perfect cast and a good art, superb soundtrack and it's just perfect, includes features like plenty of minigames and things new to the genre, it may be too long for you, the ending might be disappointing to you, but it's yet another magical journey by Key.Memorable, touching, baseball and MUSCLES.
Amazing and addictive game! It hits you right in the feels with all the winks at vintage games :'), and also provides a great gaming experience. I fully recommend it.
UPDATE: I just tried this game again and I can confirm that the random fps drops are gone now! And I can say that this game feels so GOOD to play!Pros:- I really love the "bullet time" that you get to give you a chance to do a satisfying smash! And it doesn't feel like it's too easy to get to do that every time, so that's a plus.- I like that it moves you automatically to where the shuttlecock would land. However, it's not like with the other games where you're teleported around. You are instead eased in and out between points. Personally, I love the movement as it currently is since it's neither too slow to cause nausea nor too fast (or outright teleport you) to cause you to lose your bearings for a bit. - Gameplay is smooth and it's easy to keep up a rally between you and your opponent. I don't feel that it's too hard to do a simple act of hitting the ball. However there are exceptions...Cons:- The shuttlecock feels more like a tennis ball than a shuttlecock. It doesn't feel floaty like it's supposed to be (because it's lighter and has feathers that affect its aerodynamic properties) so sometimes when it flies high up, my timing seems to always be off when trying to hit it, even though I can hit these easily in real life. Maybe making it stay for a bit up there could help.. This is a minor thing for me however, since I can easily get used to it with a bit more playtime.- Maybe it's just me being too conscious, but I feel like the some of the audience snicker and laugh at me when I lose a point. Don't get me wrong, I love it when they cheer for me harder than my AI opponent when I gain a point, but when you're on a losing streak and too conscious like me, it might get in your nerves. This is also just a minor thing for me though since I can easily ignore them.Overall, I would definitely recommend this small game, partly because I like the execution, but also because I've been looking for a game like this in any game system for a long time now! However, I would like to see more options available to us so we can customize our gameplay experiences any way we want, like some other reviews have mentioned.ORIGINAL REVIEW (invalid now)Check this video out to see the fps problem I've been having: https://youtu.be/vu3iF3LLJX8So far, I don't mind not having the usual options like sound settings and whatnot, since this is still Early Access, but what I cannot stand is the fact that, while playing in a match, the game's fps just dips from 90 to 30 for seemingly no reason, making me feel really queasy and making it difficult to hit any shots. I got a decent computer (AMD R9 390X, i5 6600k, 32gb RAM) that can play any other VR games at 90 fps all the time, so that can't be the problem. I've also run this game on two separate graphics drivers versions (AMD 17.12.1 and the current version, 18.3.2) and the fps dips are still there. I've got both my CPU and GPU liquid cooled, and I ran this game immediately after booting up my computer, which I first let cool for an hour, so it can't be the temps. Finally, I've recorded the video above with a camera instead of a game recording software, and I'm using the game recording software in the video only for its FPS counter, so it can't be that. After all this, the only thing left that could cause the problem must be the game itself.In its current state, I would not recommend getting this game. After this problem is fixed, I will definitely change my review. Hopefully this gets fixed soon, since I've only got 13 days left before I refund this game...Edit: It seems the fps dips whenever the shuttlecock is on the air. Not sure why goes all the way down to exactly 30 fps though.
Absolute trip from start to finish! Awesome soundtrack and stunning visuals. I'd say a bit short for how much it costs, but still recommend buying if you're into some trippy visuals.
Haven't finished the game yet, but so far it has great atmosphere, very mystical. The music and environments look and sound great and its a good game for relaxing platforming.
UPDATEDalready fixed.
This is a great way to introduce people to what vr can do without freaking them out. It's colorful with a good song and with stuff going on everywhere. I will admit it's not very interactive, you just control the hands and the the wobbly arms attached to them. I'll also say it's kind of short, but it's also only $3. I was smiling by the end of it both times I've watched it so far, totally worth $3 to me.Also I hate to dance, but this made me dance a little. Well jiggle. Whatever. Shut up.
It's a very cheap game. But it would be worth much for then that if it was made better. I found this very fun for the 2-2.5 hours i got out of it. I even played it twice!
Dwarven Brawl Bros offers interesting maps, diverse weapons and a range of game modes.The game is deceptively simple initially, however  there are loads of game modes and the weapons, combat and maps allow for fun and creative strategy.A vast array of very different weapons are offered, and many maps offer dynamic events. Weapons offer different abilities and can interact with the map. You can use knockback to push people into spikes, destroy platforms so people fall into lava, or destroy platforms to prevent the enemy from reaching you and snipe them to death.For the price tag it is certainly worth it.Subscribe to my curator page for more local multiplayer recommendations: http://store.steampowered.com/curator/7189360/
Death God Uuiversity. If nothing else, the title itself piques your interest. And true to it's name - the concept of the game is pretty awesome. You are a student in a University, training to be a Death God. And your assignements consist of assasination missions - or maybe asassination makes it sound too sophiticated. You just have to kill people - no hidden blades or exploding gunpowder is used though. And therein lies it's true potential - the innovative killing methods. Now if I just knew this much, I would have been interested enough to try it - but there's more. To make the game more fun, the targets are not ordinary people. In fact, most of them are not even "bad guys" in the traditional sense. Take Miley Cyrus for example. Not technically speaking bad, but annoying enough for you to have joked about killing her at least once with your friends. At least I did - and if you didn't then perhaps you should. What's funnier is that you find her in a construction area, surrounded by wrecking balls! This game is pure pun galore, and without giving any more spoilers - this is the gist of what the game is about. The teachers, targets and characters in the game are all borrowed from pop culture, fiction or even mythology - and the unlikelihood of these characters actually being in the situations that the game puts you in, is what makes this an enjoyable experience. (Fun Fact - Did you know Harry Potter smokes?... Like a lot?)Now coming to my only 2 qualms with the game.1) Poor framerates, random crashes etc. The technical problems was what marred my experience the most when I first played the game. But the devs responded soon enough, and now theres a patch (2 in fact, although I've not tried the latest one still) that fixes most of the problems. I have not got a single crash after the patch, and the overall camera swivels have become much smoother after patch 1.2) A slightly diverted plotline. While it is fun to go kill people in unimaginable ways, sometimes you hope for a much more advanced sense of coherence to the overall theme - and DGU manages to do some of it, but not all. I'm only a few hours into the game - so I'm probably making rash early judgements - but there could be a bit more done to make it all come together in a unified sort of manner. Nevertheless, DGU makes up for it's techincal flaws with a fun concept and humurous characters. The little fellows all run with their arms behind them in an almost anime-like style, and speak in a language that's akin to the minions from Despicable Me. It's totally worth a shot if you're bored playing the run of the mill kind of games being released these days, and while you may find flaws with some aspects, you will enjoy the game as a whole if you relate to this type of gameplay.
All in all i have to say the game was not half bad for being developed by one person. The game has great atmospheric music and the jump scares are on point. They got me quite a few times. The puzzles can be pretty hard if you do not think about it and explore your surroundings. I Played the game twice, first time took me about 2 Hours and the second time through beat it just under an hour.overall i would give EastFog Props on what they made, Thumbs up!I made a first impressions, gameplay video of this game if you want to check it out:https://youtu.be/0f_9y3AhcSQ
Dungeon Journey is very clearly a ported smartphone game. That said, it does work as a PC game—if your screen is very small, or you're willing to do some registry fiddling to change the resolution of the game window. (For information on how to do this, look here.)The game itself is a simple, casual roguelike. It's enjoyable and engaging enough to be worthwhile, although hardly unique or very memorable. Strategy-wise, there is some (if not very much) depth here, and although the practical use of some elements (such as Perception) don't become apparent until you've sunk quite a few points into them, most of the gameplay is fairly intuitive and presents itself well.There is a hitch, however. The entire point of a casual game is to be noncommittal and not require total focus, but one of the core elements of Dungeon Journey (the shield block) is reaction-based, and thus repeatedly forces the player to concentrate entirely on playing rather than treating the game as the casual distraction it is clearly intended to be. This is unlikely to be an issue for everyone, but it can get highly frustrating for some of us.The audio side is passable. The UI and game sounds are pretty professional. The music does sometimes get rather annoying (mostly, I think, because it's badly compressed) but then it's a casual game. For my part, I simply turned all sound off once I realised that none of it gives any gameplay advantage.Dungeon Journey is not a bad little game, and for the low price, it is easy to forgive the lack of polish (poor English, incomplete tutorial, subpar graphics, and so on.) If you're looking for a hardcore, involving and comprehensively strategic roguelike, look elsewhere—but if like me you're simply looking for something to mess around with when your concentration isn't strictly needed elsewhere, then Dungeon Journey might well be the ticket.
So first I'll apologize if this review is not up to my usual par.  I just completed my first play through non-stop and its 530 in the morning.  So Yeah its that good.If the first book was a diamond in the rough, this book has seen that diamond freed and polished!  Gone are the jarring change in scenes. Everything flows smoothly and nonstop even as the action changes gears from slowly building, to running full steam ahead, to backing off and taking time to think about whats just happened.  Honestly its master craftsmanship on show here.  The improvement in the quality of writing is impossible to miss.And the story line continues to be awesome.  I've played through the first book at least a dozen times and still not gotten on every character route possible, but I did notice when the update for it went through two weeks back and played through with my favorite MC/LI combo for when this book came out!  So glad I did!  I really enjoyed how that relationship developed and how the MC and their family grew too.So now having seen the diamond go from its natural raw state to such a gem, I really really cant wait to see it in its final (Third book) setting.  Thanks for all the time and effort you put into writting this second book, it shines from every page!
Absolutely loved this game. Most puzzles were pretty easy but there is so much content. You have to pay attention to all the little details as there are some surprises.
I love this artist and I love this game! Definitely instills a sense of creepiness as you go along. I can't wait for the next chapter!
Please update PC players AI, their logic is not correct, mostly don't make sense
Good games to spent time.. Cute characters..
Hack and slash and it Recommended.For Challenge, Use katerina, Turn on Control Assist.Equipment : Monocle, sunglasses, Gaudy Sunglasses, Black rabbit ears, black cat ears, Black cat tail, white paw gloves, sara-chan.Weapon : Thunder, Berseker, sword of the falcon, Goddes Vanguard.
