user_comment
I LOVE THIS GAME, IT'S REALLY SWEET AND I LOVE FOXES &lt;333
Solid core game play, very relaxing, nice soundtrack. Super-responsive developer, active Discord. Played this instead of Rainbow Six after work the past few days to unwind after work. The talent tree rivals some high quality RPGs in terms of options to tweak game-play. Looking forward to seeing more expansion on the core ideas as it progresses through EA.Keep up the great work, DuoBonza!
Quite enjoyable.It's not bad.
Very good game :)))
This game makes me want to crawl up the ceiling and it never happened before in similar games. The story is transparent, basically like the 80% of those kind of games,nothing new.(Why everyone is copy-pasting those storylines? I mean cmon theres so much options, why? ) Very frustrating bugs, like the one when you use your "shuffle" power and then the tiles shuffle, but have no image on them and you cant do anything than restart the game and you wont get back your energy. Makes you use too much powers, i think its ridiculous you cant finish it without using any power at least once and there are those objectives "finish the game without using any powers" , its not freaking possible! You will run out of moves every couple moves. Also there where couple rules  she mentioned outside of tutorial and not about the powers and if you forget what she said, theres no way you can read it second time. Why its not inside the tutorial aswell? Those ridiculous energy crystals you will be forced to use, once you run out of them, theres pretty much no way you can finish the game and you will end up playing the level over and over and over and over ... and over ... and over ... again ..till you will be just done with the game. The gameplay goes like this : No moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no energy crystals left, play over, play over, play over, play over, play over, play over ... until you will want to avada kedavra it to the moon.The only nice things about this game are the art, music and steam achievments and cards.Probably the first game i will return...
Baaaad game. 0 out of 5 stars. Short review as the game aint worth a longer review rly.